The end
Let me introduce
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management.
He was one of the co-founders of
There's all kinds of ways to gain the confidence of somebody in flattery as well.
Think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Yeah, this episode is brought to you by rumble premium the home of free speech and exclusive content from the voices that matter With rumble premium you get ad free viewing access to exclusive shows and premium features across the platform.
We're talking about steven crowder's mug club tim pools timcast russell brands raw commentary redacted news and this show whether it's breaking news real talk or content that
what they say go to rumble.com slash premium door 10 to join today that's rumble.com slash premium slash door 10 because truth shouldn't come with a filter
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
What time is it?
Game time!
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
It is eight after noon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Coming to you live from the back of my garage, this is Jonathan Cooley of GigaOM Biological.
I am your chief biologist, urging you to get you and your family, your children off of social media.
This is the only non-compliance that matters.
Welcome to the show, ladies.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
Sorry, Brian.
I didn't mean to yell at Brian.
condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Thank you very much 2013 Brian for saying it so clearly.
That was Brian Hooker from 2013.
Luckily the internet allows time travel so that we can see when some of these people were not actually scripted actors.
that we're creating a myth about autism spectrum disorder that's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology to make sure that virology is never questioned as a science and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And they've actually done the same thing with pandemics and data function.
They've gotten us running in the directions they want us to run and none of those directions are useful.
Although it seems like we're about to escape, it's all an illusion because it's all social media.
And our acquiescence to social media is what's going to destroy us, enslave us.
Mice die in traps because they do not understand why the cheese is free and you've got to figure out why the cheese is free on social media, ladies and gentlemen.
Figure it out.
We've got to figure it out.
I agree.
Digital ID.
definitely matters, but listen carefully.
If you're not on the social media platforms that will first be required to have digital ID, you're never going to need digital ID for PeerTube.
So the trick is to realize that if you want to watch YouTube, eventually you're going to need to enter your name and your address and your
and your social security number and give up your ID and make sure it's you because if you make bad comments, we want to be able to trace them back to you.
That's how that works.
So actually resisting the social media is the trick, because if you don't care about social media, then you won't care if social media requires a digital ID.
That's the way they're going to get you on board, even with Substack, ladies and gentlemen.
And once you know the truth, once you can see it for really what it is, it will set you free.
You won't be angry anymore.
You won't be sad anymore.
You won't feel hopeless anymore because you realize that social media is not an accurate representation of reality.
It is a theater.
And if you get mad about what's on stage, then that's your own fault.
You can't get mad.
Are we going to be talking about excrement today?
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement offstage.
Oh, nice.
Are we going to be talking about excrement today?
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement offstage.
It is extremely important to understand that I think I'm right.
I'm ready to be corrected, though, Mr. Delusion.
I could be wrong about the way that digital IDs will be enforced, but I really believe it.
I believe that one of the ways that they're going to do it... You know what?
Hold on a minute.
I'm just going to address this right now.
I really think it's important to see it.
One of the ways that they could potentially get us all to beg for digital IDs, because that's the trick.
They got to get us to beg for it, just like they got to get us to fight about whether it's important for you to wear a mask because it's for everybody else, man.
And they need you to get to fight about the idea that my kids aren't safe on the Internet because of these anonymous people, man.
These anonymous kids on the Internet can harass my kid.
These anonymous adults, these pedophiles that are registered under funny names.
We got to get rid of all these people.
All these racist accounts that are advocating for violence.
We can't have any more of these bots anymore.
And so what they're actually doing on Twitter,
with the militarization of social media and the false amplification of these scripted actors, they are also creating a situation where eventually they can flip the tables and say, hey, the only reason why the Trump administration was successful is because they had a whole bunch of bots and a whole bunch of actors on social media.
And those actors on social media were fake amplified and we thought they were rising because they said smart things and people agreed with them.
But it's not, it's because Elon Musk and his little team of programmers programmed Steve Bannon's operators to rise in social media.
And so in order to protect ourselves from that ever happening again, we're gonna need some digital ID on the internet.
Imagine a bunch of parents in front of Congress saying that my daughter committed suicide because a bunch of anonymous people were harassing her on the internet.
Stop lying!
Imagine a group of parents online because kids got in trouble somehow or committed a crime somehow because of social media.
Stop
You can imagine any number of scenarios that they can create where then they'll televise it just like Bret Weinstein in 2019 or 18 had to be in front of Congress to tell everybody how dangerous it was that these woke kids were able to ruin his career.
If you do not understand why the cheese is free, you will never escape the trap.
And the cheese is free on social media.
And so they're doing something to you.
They're using it against you.
Otherwise, the cheese wouldn't be free.
And it's not just because they sell ads.
It has nothing to do with ads.
The reason why social media is free is because it is a crucial part of the way we are governed.
It is the military aspect of the pandemic that Sasha Latupova is out there and scripted to make sure that you never connect to the military.
The illusion of a lab leak or a natural virus, the illusion of a toxic spike protein designed by a Chinese lab is the DOD COVID operation.
The transfections are not the DOD, those are DOE, that's Department of Energy and the Human Genome Project.
Believe it or not, that's the way it is.
But the narrative control and the attention control during the pandemic, 100% positive was DOD.
And that means that Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, CHD, ICANN, Sasha Latupova, her daughter Soph, Alex Jones, they're all
D.O.D.
And that's why it's very safe for all these people to be very imprecise about it's the D.O.D.
And we got to end the Prep Act emergency or something.
Because they are actually the puppets that we're supposed to watch on social media and come to some conclusion that at least some people are out there fighting, tweeting against the empire.
Dang it.
Hey, what's that?
Did I have to stop that?
Oh, no, not that one.
This one.
There we go.
So you got to show your children the truth.
You got to show your children the truth, ladies and gentlemen.
We will be able to persuade other people to see the truth and to see the light, because that's what we stand for.
and the truth should prevail at all costs.
And the sacrifices we continue to make to get the truth out there will continue.
And so I would encourage people, wake up.
The truth is the most sensational thing that you could ever report.
It's always going to be what people want to hear.
We must continue to speak our truth.
You know they eat babies.
That is not bullshit.
So please make sure you're clear and understanding that I really believe that Roseanne Barr talking about eating babies is on exactly the same level as... And everybody still thinks I'm crazy, but I'm not crazy.
It's just exactly the same part of fifth generation warfare that Jessica Rose with five degrees is the same fifth generation warfare that has all kinds of people and advisors behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
It's the same fifth generation warfare that gave us Donald Trump and Trump derangement syndrome.
It was by design, fifth generation warfare split America in half using Donald Trump and Biden and Obama and racism and George Floyd and Pierre Corey's testimony in the George Floyd case and Robert Malone's career and Paul Offit's career in order to get us to accept the status of experimental animal for our children.
That's the way it is.
And these people, they don't need to know as much as we've surmised.
They just need to know that they're on that team and that their job is to read the script.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, understand that this Trump derangement syndrome and the idea that
Maybe it's Peter Thiel, the Antichrist, or maybe Elon Musk really is a smart guy trying to save us.
There might be nuclear weapons on the way, and Epstein is a real guy who controlled real people by bringing them to an island and then blackmailing them for the rest of their lives.
I mean, all of these things are things that are perceived to be true.
And you can rest assured that because this is a military operation and social media is a military weapon, none of them are true.
It's an illusion.
It's not to say that Peter Thiel or Elon Musk don't have a lot of money, but neither of them is the mastermind super genius that they are portrayed to be.
just like Brett Weinstein is not, just like Joe Rogan is not, or Steve Bannon is not, or Donald Trump is not.
We have to come to terms with the fact that we are run by a two-party theater.
It is completely false.
We haven't had control of elections since probably before Obama.
And even then, we probably didn't have completely fair and objective elections because this two-party theater has been in place since before John F. Kennedy and is responsible for the murder of John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy, and don't forget Estes Kefauver.
And so election fraud is not an issue, but we are driven on one side to care about it, on the other side to believe it's okay.
And just like anything else, election fraud, pandemics, gay marriage, it's all been used to slice us in half.
The trouble is the knife doesn't cut in the same place at the same time all the time.
And the end result is, is that our loaf of bread is shredded.
Our social fabric is shredded and it's all done on the basis of using people that are in clear view, but have no idea what they're talking about.
The best way to characterize this is to think about social media and television as more like a Star Trek set where people read the script that they are given and the only reason why it's so effective and confusing is because the script is about things in the real world instead of Vulcans and Romulans.
but the science and the scripting of the science, the geopolitics and the scripting of the geopolitics, the questions that they ask, the arguments that they have, the gotcha moments that occur.
The vast majority of these are scripted because it's a national security priority.
They're not leaving politics and the keys to the nuclear weapons to chance.
And they haven't for a very, very long time.
Ever since they decided that nuclear war was the ultimate power, that DNA was the ultimate answer, that all of these things made it imperative that they take over.
As soon as we were able to drop the atomic bomb and realize, or everybody thought that we could scale it up,
As soon as we discovered DNA and thought we understood that mutation was the mechanism by which evolution had occurred, we thought we were very close to unlocking all the keys of the universe, the keys to ultimate destruction, the keys to ultimate wisdom, and ultimate power over ourselves and our environment.
And so it was around that time when these people, this technocracy decided, you know what, we've got to take this to the next level.
And that's what you can hear in that man and his future conference.
That's what you can hear happening in the 50s and early 60s.
Around the same time that these physicists are attempting to cross over into biology and find the last remaining laws of reality.
they have not yet been able to find.
And so the worst part is in clear view there are need-to-know basis scripted actors who are now trying to absorb little pieces of the new biology that I am teaching and writing down as we speak.
including trying to point out, as if they are the first people to say it, that the human genome was never actually sequenced when it was announced to be sequenced.
And then, again, the next time they announced it, it wasn't yet done.
And the next time they announced it, it wasn't yet done.
And even today, there are very few, if any, examples of a full human genome sequence.
There are always large percentages missing, large error rates.
and huge amounts of uncertainty and irrepeatability.
You can't sequence a human twice and get the same answer.
What will happen now is certain need-to-know basis scripted actors will pretend to be coming out and trying to object to some aspect of virology or some aspect of PCR, but never actually get to the point where they're going to object wholeheartedly to the idea that evolution is real because we found DNA.
They'll skirt around it by saying DNA isn't real.
Or sorry, yeah, DNA isn't real.
They'll skirt around it by saying that evolution didn't happen.
But they won't explicitly tell you that the only reason why all of these people suddenly pivoted to accept evolution as fact is because there was this little brief period of time where it seemed like a prediction about physics and chemistry being the underpinnings of life
And then the discovery of DNA seemed at that time to indicate that it might actually be that just physics and chemistry are enough to understand what life is.
And that we would soon unravel that problem.
And as we've peeled back the layers of this complexity, of course, there were people all along that understood this.
Hilary Kaprowski probably did.
Joshua Lederberg probably did.
And these huge thinkers that have been mentors for a great number of people and praised as mentors by a great number of people, nonetheless, their fundamental ideas and the huge contributions that they made to identifying the irreducible complexity of life, they are just wholeheartedly discarded.
And Hilary Koprowski is celebrated as a vaccine, like savior or a vaccine pioneer.
And Lederberg is praised as a bioweapons and AI guy.
And so it's remarkable, ladies and gentlemen, where we are.
We are in a very scary place, but it is our children that we need to save because our children just need to be shown what social media is.
They just need to be shown what social media is.
And then it should be relatively easy to get them out, relatively easy for them to fight their way out and understand why they need to build their own.
Once our teenagers and college kids start building their own soapbox instances, you know, even university student groups could start their own university soapbox instance that is maintained by a student government and have their own that's connected to all the big 10 schools.
You know, it could be like that easily.
And PeerTube instances could be set up by, you know, relatively savvy high school kids.
This is not super rocket science, you know, and once we get good at it ourselves, I really think that GigaOM Biological as a, instead of an LLC, but as a nonprofit, we'll be seeking to do that for people like Housatonic Live for Mark Kulak, for Joe Marshall, and maybe even for Dan Cohen, people that are really doing their best to contribute something to plant trees under whose shade they will not shelter.
You know, I want I want to work with people who are working for the future of our our kids and so That's that's where my mind is and I think again without Wanting to beat a dead horse.
I really think it's important to understand these people as if they are Star Trek actors and that's why they are so committed to the script and
And when they are scripted to say that the Vulcans are attacking the Romulans, they just say it with a lot of conviction.
And it doesn't, you know, it doesn't matter.
All they have to do is agree that that's Captain Kirk.
All they have to do is turn around and say, wow, man, you're great.
And now it's very hard for anybody that's following them to realize that Captain Kirk is also just an actor on stage.
And that's what they've done with Robert Malone, with Steve Kirsch, with Jessica Rose, with all of these people.
And so John Bodwin could be an innocent participant that's fooled by all the people around him, and he thinks that this set is real.
Because Kevin McKernan is sitting over there being the science officer, and Steve Kirsch is sitting in the captain's seat talking his shit, and Jessica Rose is over there with her earpiece in.
And so it's very hard for John Bodwin to see out.
And there are lots of other people like John Bodwin that I think are just trapped because they are surrounded by these other people being usefully integrated into this script.
And I would have been one of these people on stage, I imagine, if I'd have done things better than I did, if I'd have followed my orders or done what I was told, but most likely not.
Most likely they would have never given me a chair on stage.
They would have always just made me feel like I was contributing to the script that these actors read.
And that is the real trick of social media.
When you start to believe as an audience member that something that you're doing on social media is contributing to what's happening in the sitcom you're watching.
Can you imagine sitting at home and watching Star Trek The Next Generation and thinking that the reason why a character did what they did is because of something that you tweeted?
Can you imagine sitting and watching Outlander and thinking that one of the characters on Outlander is doing something because of something that you posted on Facebook?
Because that is the exact same thing as you thinking that these people in the Maha movement are doing things because of stuff that we tweet or stuff that we have forced them to do.
We've got to break free of that.
We've got to break our children free of that.
And the only way to do it is to break free ourselves.
I hope that analogy is clear.
I hope that makes sense.
Maybe I should use the Star Trek thing or Star Wars instead of Star Trek, but make sure you understand you gotta download the PeerTube app and you gotta input the URL stream.gigaohm.bio.
I think actually yesterday, a fair number of you actually did because we had the highest number of views in a single day on my PeerTube ever yesterday.
So congratulations for downloading the app.
If you have any problems, please send me an email.
I'd be happy to help you.
I'm going to make a video and send it out to everybody on email.
I think this is the game changer.
Now that this app is working so well with our website, this is just the game changer.
Because again, remember, if you're worried about it, any other app that you would download from the App Store, Google Play is going to ask you to enter in an email and then get an email and click on a confirmation link.
and maybe even enter in some other data, this app will ask for none of it.
This app is also available on GitHub.
So if you want to, you can see the whole dang code.
The same thing is true for the website and the program that runs the website.
So please understand that although you are sharing chunks of the video as you stream and some of the peers that are closer to you are gonna be sharing those chunks as well, it's possible, there's no data.
And it is a very well-researched, well-documented, you know, on Reddit and GitHub and elsewhere.
You can find it.
It's the real deal.
And anybody that was really trying to break free of corporate social media in any form would be advocating for this.
And for soapbox instances, honestly, like Truth Social or Blue Sky or GigaOM.bio.
So stream.gigaohm.bio is where the PeerTube instance is.
And it is the URL that you need to enter into the PeerTube app in order to have it on your phone.
So watch, I can show you right now.
It's not open.
I'm gonna open the PeerTube app right here.
And it says it's live.
No, that's not it.
Sorry, I already had it open.
That's why it didn't work.
So let me see.
I'll close it and then I'll open it again.
And there we are live.
So if I click on that, you'll see me right away.
Have it on your phone.
So watch, I can show you right now.
It's not open.
I'm going to open the PeerTube app.
That's pretty impressive.
And that works flawlessly for me and for lots and lots of other people.
So you don't need to have Twitch.
You don't need to use YouTube.
And so here's the point.
If they start requiring you to use digital ID to watch Twitch because there's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of chicks in swimming pools that are playing dirty video games, PeerTube doesn't.
PeerTube will never ask you to log in.
Do you see?
Because we're not providing anything except for my free speech to you, there's nothing to regulate.
because I am providing the platform that is for my, it's like me using a megaphone versus me going to, I don't know, the Rosemont Horizon and being able to get on stage.
See, if I use a megaphone on the street, they can't stop me.
If you want to stand on the same street corner that I am, PeerTube, and watch what I'm doing, you can, and there's nothing to stop you.
And they won't be able to pressure me to screen your name or ask for, that's not how that works.
But they can do that on these large platforms that are selling ads and collecting data because they wanna regulate that, you see.
I hope you can see how this is so much a flying free bird.
This is so much an FU to the system that it's hard to underestimate.
No one else is doing it.
Not even the Colbert Report or Corbett.
Not CHD.
Do you know one of the things that I tried to do at CHD while I was there is advocate for them to make a PeerTube?
So that they could host all of their videos on their own PeerTube site instead of on Rumble and shit.
Do you know that?
Crickets.
They didn't even understand what I was saying.
They didn't want to hear it, nothing.
They don't know because they are scripted not to know.
It's a national security operation we're up against.
And that's why nobody can explain to you this irreducibly complex background of genetic noise on which there's no way it's possible that we would have a novel viral pandemic.
that just happened to be timed with a once in a century or once in a lifetime rise in all cause mortality across the Western world because of the huge families after World War II that we have seen coming since the early 90s.
and that everybody that has risen on the right, in the populist conservative right, was put in place to make sure that this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality would never be noticed, and that all of these deaths would be attributed to a novel virus.
The timing was perfect.
You can see it here in Denny Rancourt's own graphs.
It's harder to see it in my graph because my graph doesn't have all these extra years in it.
My graph actually starts right there.
And so it's a little hard to see the rise, but you can definitely see the rise if you look back a couple decades.
And this anticipated rise in all cause mortality is that right there.
This thing, I'm gonna go back to it and let it play again.
This thing right here.
that's now moving up.
This is the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
And when it got to 2020, you can see what happened.
And they put Denny Rancourt in place to obfuscate the fact that we knew this was coming.
He actually said in an interview with me and Jason Levine that he had no idea about population pyramids and whether there was an anticipated rise or not.
He had no figuring in of opioid deaths.
He doesn't really think it matters.
And he doesn't know how any of these people died.
And of course, because the COVID narrative wants you to attribute cardiac effects to the spike protein, even an anticipated rise in stroke and heart attacks, because there are more old people now, could be attributed to the novel virus, and it was.
And that's why Denny Rancor was... It's just a rubbish.
It's junk.
Community mayors are spending thousands of dollars on this crap, trying to screen their employees and their nursing homes.
Now remember what I'm trying to show you here is that there's no reason for any of these Americans and South Africans and Canadians to have gone to Bucharest, Romania to try and save people from the pandemic.
There's just no explanation for why Steven Hatfill, who's now one of the chief science officers at ASPR, would have met those people there and been side-by-side with Nick Hudson.
You know, the Pandata guy from South Africa that asked me to present three times and then lost those videos.
Like Jason Kristoff, who's been around the world with Merrill Nash and, uh,
and Robert Malone all the way to Japan.
Here's Jessica Rose, who was on stage in the video that we're about to watch.
Remember?
In Scotland in 2023, where Robert Malone didn't talk about the mRNA at all, but they're making a whole movie now like he did.
And then we have Jill Glasspool Malone, Robert Malone, two of the worst and fakest Americans in America.
There's Meryl Nass.
And Bret Weinstein went halfway around the world.
The guy who can't eat bread, except for in Europe, decided to go to Romania to have breakfast at the hotel with Steve Hatfield.
Who, of course, in 2020 was telling us that we had to wear an apron when we took care of sick kids, and that sick kids should use a different shitter, and that kids should be trained or desensitized to wearing masks by having Barney wear a mask.
All Steve Hatfield.
And also one of the first guests that Steve Bannon had on when he shifted his war room to the pandemic war room in 2020.
Trump derangement syndrome was designed and created by fifth generation warfare.
For something that's not going to turn positive for a week, even though you're infectious.
I said, dude, you need these capture antigen things, where you're not looking for antibodies, you're actually looking for the virus.
So they're expensive.
I won't let that play.
I will just make sure that you understand that there's no way none of these people understand that there is a list which rules out a novel virus.
There's a list of manslaughter.
ventilators, supplementary oxygen, opioid deaths, remdesivir, midazolam, also the incredible lack of use of antibiotics, even for something like urinary tract infection, all resulted in more of those old people dying quickly instead of using six months of Medicare on the way out.
One of the most egregious places and examples of this was in Scotland, and that is documented in that sub stack that I'm always advertising for in my introduction.
In Scotland, they just murdered old people, just murdered them alone.
I don't know if I told you already or not, but download the gigaohm, sorry, download the PeerTube app, put in the gigaohm URL and get at it.
Dr. Steven Hadfield joins us.
Honored to have him on.
When we first shifted the show to warm pandemic, he was our first, he was our first guest, but we only had him for like a week or 10 days.
And he went over to the white house to work with Dr. Pierre Navarro and others during the darkest days of the pandemic.
So, sir, um, walk us through because you're, you're taking incoming from all over.
This is from five days ago.
I should have put the, the, the,
the date there i apologize about getting rid of this amazing new technology what was it i and i know there's a now remember we've covered a video where kim iverson is talking about getting rid of the technology um you know that mary holland has been on jimmy door and has been on redacted talking about getting rid of the technology and brett weinstein is talking about getting rid of the technology his friend is rolling the
excrement off stage.
And now we have a sort of a reunion of sorts after six years.
The first guest of the Pandemic War Room in 2020 in January is Steve Hatfill.
And now he's here to tell us why getting rid of the mRNA is so amazing.
thousand reports out there, everything like that.
But you're a data guy and a science guy.
Walk us through what led to the decision of finally getting, you know, stopping the underwriting of American taxpayer for this experimental gene therapy, sir.
Hi, Stephen.
Good to see you once again.
What happened is that the data had accumulated to the point where meta-analysis studies could be done.
These are very comprehensive analysis.
Now, of course, what's the implication here?
Let's just start out with the basics.
The idea is we had no idea how many people would get hurt.
You know, it could have worked even better than it did.
It could have worked flawlessly for all we knew.
And that's not correct.
We know that transfection would have been inappropriate for any healthy human.
but we wouldn't have been able to get the data that we now have had we not transfected all of these people.
I do think that they used a lot of placebo in order to make it very unclear whether or not transfection was really hurting people or not.
But anybody that got a live dose, and certainly anybody that got two, is most likely permanently damaged in some way or another.
Maybe as yet undetected, but I am very pessimistic for anybody that got this
transfection in any reasonable dosage more than once.
And anyone before the pandemic, including myself, that understood that these were transfections would have been equally afraid.
And in fact, that's why I think Sukharbhakti was so pressured in Germany a couple years ago, because he was one of the few people who could explain that so well.
And he explained it in a way that precluded the spike protein having to be particularly toxic.
because it is the immune attack on the cells expressing a foreign protein, which produces the potential for autoimmunity.
And more importantly, if you express that spike protein in the same places again, or new places again, and the immune system has learned to attack that protein, then the attack the second time will be much more
potentially dangerous than the first time because the immune system will have been prepared and primed.
And so the allergic reaction, the clotting reaction, whatever actually happens could happen much worse in the second live exposure.
This is all cartoon back of the napkin stuff that people like Sukrit Bhakti were doing very early in the pandemic based on his knowledge of complement and basic
sort of clotting mechanisms, not about the spike protein.
And so that's, again, where this whole narrative is going to have the water muddied even more because everybody from as diverse of backgrounds as Peter McCullough and Stephen Hatfield are going to tell you that it's a particular quality of the spike protein, rather than a general
side effect of a non-specific, non-targeted transfection of human cells.
I guess that's my best swing at that one.
And it virtually came back consistently that there was no benefit to risk ratio for taking a messenger RNA vaccine.
In fact,
It was more dangerous to take a vaccine than it was to contract COVID-19 and be hospitalized with it.
We're now in 2022 that the status started to come out.
The side effects for this essentially gene therapy
was so enormous.
So you can hear the script, right?
Because Mary Holland calls it a gene therapy.
And Paul Offit calls it a gene therapy.
And Jessica Rose with her five degrees calls it gene therapy.
And they all call it gene therapy that's never been tried on people before.
And that's just bullshit.
And more importantly, it's been used in mice and monkeys for decades.
And we know exactly its limitations there.
It's improgressive.
it was difficult to fathom.
And then finally, a few months ago, some of the detailed biochemistry studies started to appear in the literature.
And this sudden flood of messenger RNA, it appears irrespective of what the messenger RNA insert is coding for.
Just the sheer amount of
number of millions of molecules of messenger RNA entering the cell is creating biochemical havoc.
It's disrupting protein metabolism.
It's interfering with tumor suppressor genes.
It's just completely damaging the mitochondria, the powerhouses of the cell.
So that's part of it, right?
The damaging of the mitochondria could actually be real, but it could be the LNP itself and the toxicity of the LNP, because remember, the LNP is only stabilized by its chemical
the chemical preparation itself.
And once the pH changes, once it's inside of your body, the composition of the LNP can change, the charge ratios, the way that what charges are exposed, etc.
And so I do think that there's a lot of reason to believe that the lipid nanoparticle itself is doing a lot of damage independent of whatever the RNA does.
And it is in their best interest to make sure that all of those things get mixed up and combined and never usefully sorted out like we expect this from this and we expected that from that, because that would be, you know, that would be honesty.
It's it had to be stopped.
And.
The.
Should should Operation Warp Speed been done?
Yes, of course.
It had to be done.
But it was always understood at the end of 2020 that this would be followed very, very, very carefully.
And it would be halted at the first sign of any strange adverse events.
And we had those strange adverse events very shortly.
This guy was using this exact same voice to say that you should put on a rubber apron when you visit your two-year-old kid and let your two-year-old kid have a separate shitter.
I mean, it's remarkable.
This is just a monster.
I can have pity for some people, but this one, he's a killer.
This is a national security, deep state actor who may even be responsible for Bruce Ivins' death.
Major veins in the brain clotting.
And a brief pause was given.
It was one of the adenovirus messenger RNA vaccines, but it
It was restarted again.
Eventually, I think we gave ours to Canada.
It was unsafe.
And then we started seeing the same things with the Moderna and the Pfizer preparations, messenger RNA vaccines, and the brain clotting.
And a brief pause was given.
It was one of the adenovirus messenger RNA vaccines.
Adenovirus messenger RNA vaccines.
What in the hell?
Why didn't that work?
Gosh, darn it.
Hugh Demon.
Yeah, but that should have been a buzzer.
Like, what are we talking about?
Adenovirus mRNA vaccines?
Are you serious?
Are we seriously there at this stage with this level of shitheadery?
This level of poor scripting, like poor improvisation?
That's scary.
I mean, listen to that again, listen to that again, because that's scary.
I mean, nobody that watches this stream would ever make that mistake.
Nobody that watches this stream would ever make that mistake.
This would be followed very, very, very carefully.
And it would be halted at the first sign of any strange adverse events.
And we had those strange adverse events very shortly, major veins in the brain clotting.
And a brief pause was given.
It was one of the adenovirus messenger RNA vaccines.
It was restarted again.
Eventually I think we gave ours to Canada.
It was- What a bunch of bullshit.
It wasn't restarted again.
Johnson and Johnson was stopped around the world as was AstraZeneca.
These people are getting sloppy.
And you know why they're getting sloppy?
Because it's, this is by design.
The conservative right, the populist right in America is about to be humiliated by all the frauds that they supported.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is going to be our humiliation.
The discrediting of Steve Bannon and this clown and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Donald Trump are gonna be the downfall of the populist Christian right in America.
The discrediting of Russell Brand is the destruction or the discrediting of the Christian right in America.
Believe it or not, that's what's happening.
You don't see it like that.
I didn't see it like that, but I do now.
Because if you go and listen and watch on the other side, you will see people who are absolutely certain and were already certain that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was just a scripted fraud.
They don't need to be told.
They were already sure that Donald Trump was a scripted fraud.
But what they do need to be told is that what we were victimized by, what we fell victim to on Twitter and on Facebook and on all these places was a military operation.
We're not dumb.
We are vulnerable to the largest, most complete psychological operation ever executed on planet earth.
And it was aimed at the people with skepticism and it was aimed at the people with faith.
That's the reason why we are victims of Donald Trump, because he was aimed at us.
Not because we are vulnerable to stupid things and stupid stories, but because he was aimed at us.
With 50 or 60 years of advertising excellence, he was aimed at us.
And with layers and layers of scripted actors and fifth generation programming of social media,
He was aimed at us.
And Steve Bannon and Jessica Rose and all these people are aimed at us.
Laura Loomer was aimed at you.
Soph was aimed at you.
Frickin' Alex Jones was aimed at us.
When we were following Bill Cooper, Alex Jones was aimed at us.
When we were following Mike Rupert, Alex Jones was aimed at us.
We can pull ourselves out of this, ladies and gentlemen.
We just have to understand what happened.
We have to take responsibility for what we fell for.
And we have to start seeking understanding from the people who we would have, a year ago, defended Trump and RFK to.
We've got to pull our heads out right now or the conservative right in America will be destroyed, effectively discredited for a generation.
and we don't wanna be discredited to our children.
And safe.
And then we started seeing the same things with the Moderna and the Pfizer preparations.
It turns out that the manufacturers did not do due diligence to ensure these were safe products before they were released onto the American market.
And throughout 2021,
to 2024, the drug companies essentially ran the pandemic response.
Nobody stood up to them.
Nobody questioned them.
So on the conservative right in America, we have Steven Hadfield saying it was the pharmaceutical companies and nobody questioned them as they push the pandemic.
And we have Sasha Latipova saying it was the DOD and nobody questioned them as they push the pandemic.
And we will not escape because neither of these stories is even remotely related to the truth.
No more related to the truth than the natural virus is related to the truth.
The only thing that is related to the truth is that Peter Daszak and Li Min Yan and Tony Fauci and Paul Offit are all part of the same acting club.
That's the only thing that I know.
I know that we are being governed by scripted actors and everyone we've been chasing and all the villains we've been hunting and all the mysteries we've been solving are just part of this stage show.
Even when we thought we were changing what was happening on stage, we weren't.
Those were scripted responses.
Judicial Watch, America's first legal,
were able to obtain some documents.
They didn't want to release it, Pfizer.
They wanted a 70 year moratorium on the clinical data from the trials, which from the start showed these never prevented infection, never prevented disease transmission.
I mean, can you see how this is an actor?
This is not a serious man.
This is not a serious guy trying to do a seriously patriotic thing.
This is gross.
I have pity for him because it's so bad.
And there's no good clinical data to ever show it reduced the severity of disease.
The CDC in response,
I don't know what's wrong with that once fine agency, but they become a supplicant of big pharma.
They put out a paper saying, yes, we've saved like 14 million lives, the vaccination program.
No, the paper's been torn to shreds by epidemiologists.
It was based against a computer model and against an idea where you have the peak and it comes down, and then it goes back up again.
The vaccines have injured hundreds of thousands, and we're not really sure how many have been killed by it, but a significant amount.
They had to come off the market.
There was no choice.
you want to make America healthy again, it had to be stopped.
And the lack of- They're not stopped.
The only thing they're doing is stopping the development of future versions of flu or COVID mRNA.
They're not stopped.
The current mRNA still exists and is available.
My kids could have got a COVID shot two days ago.
What is he talking about?
This is bullshit.
regulatory supervision over the previous four years, from 2021 to the end of 2024, the drug companies were, everybody was jumping in to make a dollar.
And the spike protein itself that they were using for COVID-19 is a toxin.
It's a poisonous molecule.
It was killing people.
And they'd gone too far now to go back and admit a mistake.
Nobody would stand up until Secretary Kennedy.
Dr. Hadfield, this is why this announcement came out the other day, and I was like, this is earth shattering.
It was just kind of put out.
And now with you and others, we're starting to get some backup to it, how important this is monumental.
But I want to go to the years 21, 22, because it's not about
Warp Speed are trying to put this together.
It is about the pharmaceutical industry in 21, 22, and even later, in the medical profession, in the colleges, in all of this.
I mean, now, because of things like the Pfizer papers, and this is a bunch of citizens going through these documents and just seeing all this stuff, and now you- The Pfizer papers were thousands of hours of human time wasted on reading
supposedly paperwork that Pfizer submitted and Naomi Wolf, super clown, coordinated the reading of and now travels the world saying that she's responsible for revealing the truth with regard to wasting all those people's time reading all those stupid documents that wouldn't have been necessary if we would have just said that they were transfections and old technology being renamed and nobody needs them.
but these people instead were focused on a gain-of-function spike protein with fear and cleavage sites and HIV inserts, and so everybody was scared shitless.
You got all these peer-reviewed journal articles coming out.
I'm sorry, but this man wearing two working shirts with a shitty, greasy hair and three pens in his shirt is a fraud.
This is a costume, and that makes this man an asshole.
It is a costume that is designed to make him appear as though he's an everyman, and he's not.
He's a former Goldman Sachs executive.
I am absolutely sure that this is one of the shittiest and most fraudulent Americans alive.
And I'm sure that he is also, but he is a more integral part of the national security state.
And therefore probably from a legal and moral perspective feels a little bit better about what he's doing.
Whereas this guy just knows he lies for a living and you know, whatever.
Maybe they're the same.
I don't know.
It's just really frustrating because they're not real people.
We are watching the set of the Star Trek Enterprise and we are listening to the communications officer interview some shithead that we picked up off a freighter.
studies coming out.
But the pharmaceutical industry knew this, the Moderna and Pfizer knew this.
And worse than them knowing it, the universities and the doctors, the entire system that we've built up with taxpayer money to make sure people are educated, make sure these are the finest institutions in the world.
This was David and Goliath.
And now that we got Bobby Kennedy, David and Goliath, you mean like how Brett Weinstein has been saying it, that we're fighting Goliath?
The universities knew?
What did they know?
That they were going to be able to test all of their students mandatorily every week and get all kinds of genetic data?
That they would be able to sell those remnants to the highest bidder?
What did they know?
That PCR was just on an irreducibly complex background so probably meant shit?
It's just ridiculous right now to think that this is somebody that anybody in America takes seriously.
We need to save the people who are taking these people seriously because these are fraudulent Americans.
They are the worst type of Americans because they're pretending not to be frauds.
They're insisting they're the only real people.
and some, you know, Jay Bakhtar and people like you at HHS, you know, reasonable people that look at science and understand science is never settled.
Science goes forward every day.
But the what we had to fight against is so monumental and it's not out of the system.
This is why we're back in this effort.
It's going to get more into next week about banning all by all pharmaceutical ads from television.
This is propaganda and these companies got to be held responsible They knew because we've got to save our TV time and we've got to save our commercial breaks from you know pharmaceutical commercials because you know I would rather use my commercial breaks to shop for sporting equipment or decide what beer I like instead of having to frickin decide whether I need a drug or not and
Who gives a living shit if they advertise on network TV?
Who's sitting around between advertisement?
Who even watches television anymore?
Who would watch television at all if my PeerTube and a few other PeerTubes were just available?
Why would you need to?
what they were doing.
If you look at all the studies you're talking about and you look at the Pfizer papers you go through, this was not lost on them.
So how should people have faith?
How could the basic citizen in this country today understand the monumental decision?
Because the 500 million is just a, that's just a tip.
You're just shutting down these studies, but it's a deeper issue you're talking about and that the pharmaceutical industry work for their own purposes, their own profits, their own benefits and bald face lied to people, sir.
Unfortunately, everything you've just said is true.
We've got a problem.
There's a new sheriff in town.
There's several new sheriffs in town.
You have President Trump.
You have Mr. Knox at ASPR.
And you have Secretary Kennedy.
The days of Big Pharma
are.
Yeah.
Sorry, I had to allow that comment.
I don't know what you said.
Actually killing the American population are over.
This is all about make America healthy again.
And I want to add something.
Nobody is anti backs here.
I've done vaccination campaigns in Africa years ago.
What we're dealing with are experimental genetic products that were used as vaccines using the code for us.
What does that mean?
Used as vaccines.
Do you see the problem there?
Do you see why this is breaking now?
What does it mean to be used as vaccines injected intramuscularly injected without care?
Just because, assumed to work, what is used as vaccines?
What does that mean?
Do you see why that's a monumental mistake?
novel gene therapies used as vaccines.
If this guy were to stop him and saying, doctor, what do you mean by used as vaccines?
Can I use a Philly cheese steak as a vaccine?
Could I use my water bottle as a vaccine?
Could I use my phone as a vaccine?
What in the fuck do you mean?
Use as a vaccine.
Wow.
I just said the F word, didn't I?
Darn it.
I was doing really well.
I'm sorry, but I, it's really frustrating.
What in the world does that question mean?
Potentially a protein poison.
I'll make America healthy again.
Yeah.
Actually killing the American population are over.
This is all about make America healthy again.
And I want to add something.
Nobody is anti-vax here.
I've done vaccination campaigns in Africa years ago.
What we're dealing with are experimental genetic products.
It's very likely that Meryl Nass met Steve Hatfill all those years ago in Rhodesia during this vaccination campaign.
That's why they have been so closely related for so long.
And that's why when Robert Malone and Steven Hatfield were on the Tommy podcast together and talking and Robert Malone brought up Meryl Ness, Steven Hatfield said, Oh, I hate her because he wants people to make sure that he knows we never worked together.
I don't know who that is, but she's a shithead.
That was how close they came to stepping on each other's proverbiable things.
That's how close they've come.
Just the same reason why maybe Stephen Hadfield went on Tommy's podcast and said that Robert Malone didn't have a Vax card when they went to Rome.
Because they're getting very close to blowing their cover.
That they've all known each other for a couple decades, all the way back from when they met in Rhodesia.
All the way back with Ebola, remember that shit?
And the anthrax stuff, and the anthrax after 9-11, et cetera, et cetera.
This is very dark, ladies and gentlemen, it's very dark.
Yes, this was the original accused leaker of the anthrax after 9-11.
This guy is a deep state player of the highest order.
Used as vaccines.
using the code for essentially a protein poison that has... Again, implying that if they hadn't chosen the spike protein, that it would have been much better.
Hadn't chosen the spike protein with the fear and cleavage site and the HIV inserts and the staphylococcus enterotoxin B homology and all this other shit, then it would have been fine.
Never mind the N1 methyl pseudo uridine never gets mentioned.
Never mind that the LNP never gets mentioned.
It's just remarkable.
Devastated families.
Then you brought it down to
inoculate children who were really at no risk for COVID-19.
No risk for COVID-19?
You told parents that they needed to treat their kids with a rubber apron and they needed a separate shitter so the kids weren't going to die.
But boy, were they sure deadly, huh?
Holy man, what a monster.
And then you have top people considered to be top epidemiologists.
Michael Osterholm was on NPR this morning saying how wonderful and safe the vaccines were.
What's interesting is that actually Michael Osterholm was actually on Joe Rogan in 2020 to tell everybody for sure this couldn't be a lab leak.
That's ridiculous.
setting me up to think, wow, but that's ridiculous because I just did a bike ride explaining why it might be a lab leak.
So I did a bike ride saying, holy cow, somebody lied to Joe Rogan.
Because in 2020, I thought Joe Rogan was just a podcaster who was so good at his job and had so many followers that Spotify decided to give him $100 million a year.
Because at the start of the pandemic, I thought social media was just kind of this thing, you know, that was like a public thing that like spontaneously did stuff.
I never imagined that it was just layers and layers of a military trap.
I never imagined that I was watching a stage performance on a layered stage performance that I could never have any effect on, but was actually scripted to make it appear as though I had an effect on it.
And that organizations like CHD had been doing that to parents for quite a few years already.
I'm still pretty humbled by how long it took me to see this.
And so I'm always going to remain humble as I try to help you and your family see it.
But there will never be any truth with a million subscribers on YouTube.
There will never be any truth with a million followers on Twitter.
But there might be some truth on PeerTube with 100 followers or with 400 followers or with 1,000 followers or with 98 subscribers.
And that truth could grow without any stopping, without any ability to be stopped if it grew here, rather than on YouTube or Twitter or wherever else people try to grow.
The only real growth that can be achieved is that federated, non-centralized, funded-on-your-own internet, like PeerTube, Soapbox, etc.
And your own website, if that's what you want to do.
And use Vimeo to host your videos.
That also works.
Embed everything.
You can do all of those things.
You can release your stuff on PDF.
You don't need to use Substack.
You gotta realize why the cheese is free, ladies and gentlemen.
You can't fix stupid.
It's beyond the grass.
But hang on, but hang on, but hang on, but hang on, but hang on, hang on.
Ho, ho, ho.
But this is my, you can't fix stupid.
And this is my problem.
I've got a problem with the way you guys roll it out.
And I've been very clear with this top guys over at HHS.
This is so monumental and so important, and it's not going to be won by Steve Bannon yelling to a microphone or Dr. Hadfield coming on here.
This is about the data and this is about the facts.
and this is why this audience took years of their lives to get into those Pfizer documents under this audience worked with Naomi Wolf to get into those Pfizer document stop lying wow that is ridiculous Naomi Wolf and start putting information out this
We have to now is incumbent upon HHS.
It's incumbent upon Bobby Kennedy and all the great deputies he has, including yourself, to come forward and let's put it out.
So we refute them.
I said at the time when I saw that press release, they're they're now on.
They're an NPR.
They're on MSNBC, the same cast of characters.
These demons that were out there in twenty one and twenty two are back in your life.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because if we're going to stop it, it's only going to get stopped when we take the science and we take the data and we rub their nose in about what they did, what they knew when they knew it.
And what was the problem here?
The main problem is, is that they're suggesting that we should rub the, the deaths and injuries of Americans into the face of the left.
Cause they did it.
But anybody that was on the internet talking about a lab leak and a gain-of-function spike protein and amyloidosis and cardiac effects from a spike protein like Jessica Rose was, is responsible for people not being able to make informed choices about what should have been called transfection from the very beginning.
Anybody that was out there wearing a bandana and woodshop goggles and insisting that people not go visit their grandparents in December of 2020, like Brett Weinstein did, is responsible for a lot of people making the wrong choice about this shot, about these injections.
And so it is not ironic, it is absolutely malevolent that these same people are now purporting to be the people who said they always got it right.
I didn't get it right completely, but I definitely told everybody it's not a shot for everyone.
But I, at the time in 2020, still said that maybe it'll help my parents.
It's possible.
And that doubt, that kernel of doubt, that window, that little crack of sunlight is all that was necessary for people to make the choice that everybody on TV was urging them to make.
And if the only alternative voices were Pierre Cory complaining about supplementary oxygen in the hospitals, if the only other voices were somebody like Kyle Seidel, if the only other voices were the American doctors, then it's very easy to see why lots of people made the wrong choice.
And for these malevolent actors to pretend as though they did anything like I did,
stand up in front of a faculty meeting and say that this is transfection you people are idiots what are you doing we need to speak out and then got fired there is no other story like that in america it sucks but there isn't
There is no other medical school faculty member in America that stood up and said, these are transfections.
We're not going to use these on our old people.
We use this technology all the time in our mice and monkeys.
There isn't one single faculty member on earth.
And I'm not happy about that.
I think it sucks that I'm the only
medical school faculty member on earth that stood up and said these were transfections, who stood up and said that this PCR test can't possibly be pulling a signal from background.
And so they are exaggerating.
They are telling us a story here.
There is no other medical school faculty member in the entire world who can claim that.
There's also no other medical school faculty member in the world fired during COVID.
Well, not fired, but told to go home because they're afraid.
And then they quietly paid out my contract, ruining my 20 year career.
Quite a bit different than what happened to Brett Weinstein in 2017, when he made a deal with Evergreen University for a half a million fricking dollars.
I have a Nobel prize winning postdoc
Apprenticeship On my resume and I don't tell anybody I have three postdoctoral degrees One of which was awarded a Nobel Prize in part.
I don't say any shit like that Like Jessica Rose says she has five postdoctoral degrees, but she has five post-secondary degrees not postdoctoral She says post-secondary
but they're really just postdocs with different labs that had different specialties.
And every time she did a postdoc in a lab, she considers that specialty a degree.
So I guess I could say that I have a post-secondary degree in neuropsychiatry.
I have a post-secondary degree in computational modeling, and I have a post-secondary degree in neuroanatomy, as well as a PhD in neurobiology.
Boy, I'm pretty badass, ain't I?
That's not how an academic CV and an academic career works, and for sure not for somebody like Jessica Rose, who, according to everything that I can find out, was never even trying to become faculty.
She was just kind of touring the world, wasting people's grant money on her.
And she always just did kind of a little computational thing for whatever she was doing.
So even if she worked for a molecular biologist, she didn't do molecular biology.
She just contributed some computational modeling to the molecular biology paper and then called herself a molecular biologist.
Do you see what we're dealing with here?
And Jessica Rose is as tied to these people as their own pubic hair.
Sasha Latupova is as tied to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as his wife is.
Mary Holland and Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy and their collective fraudulent careers are tied to all of us.
We might as well be wearing Alex Jones is a genius t-shirts if we're gonna be on their team.
We might as well be wearing t-shirts that say, Steve Bannon is the man.
We might as well be wearing Bobby Kennedy 2024 t-shirts.
That's how stupid we are if we are not absolutely positively absolving ourselves with everything to do with this narrative.
And we must do it quickly.
Because this will escalate.
The mistakes that they are making will compound.
And at some point in time, they will become responsible for this ridiculousness.
And that will then bring our side to their knees.
It's coming.
Consequences of that.
And so this is not a game of rhetoric.
This is not a game.
This is not a debating society.
We're not going to out debate them and they're not going to out debate us.
People understand what the two sides are.
Now it's back to the facts.
And finally, the power of Bobby Kennedy at HHS.
And this is the part of the Trump revolution to make America healthy with MAGA is now we have, as he promised us, platinum level science.
Platinum level science at HHS just as he promised.
Peace on Earth just as he promised.
Getting out of the Middle East just as he promised.
Tax cuts for the middle class?
No, he didn't promise that.
Better education for the kids?
Didn't promise that.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Sounds like a great big bullshit show to me.
I don't know.
Yes.
No more being running dogs for big pharma.
No more being running dogs for profits for big.
I think that Elon Musk's party will be part of the fracturing of the right because that's what they need to do.
The left is on board with moving forward with the global whatever, whatever.
They'll accept Bitcoin.
They'll accept digital ID.
That's fine.
This operation was aimed at the conservatives, aimed at the people with faith, aimed at the people who already had another set of principles that couldn't be shaken.
And so that's why all this rhetoric about trans also became so aggressive.
And actually they obviously are overplaying their hand on this because that's, it's part and parcel.
It's the design.
It's all aimed at the conservative, self-governing, sovereign thinking, individualistic Americans.
And so it feels like, because social media tells us this, that it's the Republicans that are, it's the right, it's the whatever.
No, think of it more as there are two or basically two kinds of people in the world.
There are people who can see, and there are people can only see what they're shown.
And the people who see what they're shown are mostly on the left.
The people who can just plain see are on the right.
And they actually require a lot more fifth generation warfare to manipulate.
And they need a lot more fifth generation warfare to break.
You don't need to break the other side.
They need to break our side.
I really think it's as simple as that.
Trump was aimed at us The people who can see Big pharma, right?
It's now and but to do that that's what i'm saying.
We ought to just have overwhelmed these people with the studies and how you guys curated the studies and put the data out and this i'm at it and I said i've told people over there the war room platform
four hours a day, you got it, baby.
This thing is so big and so important.
And don't think they're going to roll over.
These are some of the most profitable institutions in the world.
You think they're going to sit there and they give a damn what Bobby Kennedy says?
You think they give a damn what Hadfield says?
You think they give a damn what Bannon and the people say?
They don't.
I just think it's very useful now to start thinking of people who see what they're told to see and people who just see.
And that's the difference.
There is no left and right.
There's no red and blue.
There's no conservative and liberal.
There are people who see what they're shown, and then there are people who see.
And the people who see, some of them have faith.
Some of them are scholars.
Some of them are analysts.
Some of them have just been burnt a lot of times in their life.
Some of them, for whatever reason, understand the danger of coordinated lying.
You can understand the danger of coordinated lying by having been an insider at the corporate level.
You can understand the dangers of coordinating lying by having been a high school teacher.
You can understand the danger of coordinated lying by having been a lot of different things in your adult life.
It doesn't have to be that because you're abused kid or because you were raped or whatever that you finally woke up and realized that there are a lot, there is really degrees of nasty in the world.
So don't, I don't think of it as left and right anymore.
I think of it as people who are prone to see what they are told to see and then people who work harder than that.
And the people who work harder than that are,
are descended from or are living in the tradition of the people that first got on the first boats to leave.
The people that first went to seek their own life in America and pick themselves up and do their own thing.
Those are the people that already had answers and knew how to find them for themselves.
And so you don't need to think about it like left and right anymore.
And it's not condescending to say it.
It's just to acknowledge that human biology and human psychology has a spectrum.
And many people are part of a spectrum of people that basically can't see through what we are now facing.
It's just too hard.
And so yes, some of them won't be saved.
Some of them we won't be able to save.
But our children, our children can be saved because our children can be shown from the very beginning what it is.
And then it's very easy because you never start with this idea.
You know that guy that I played before a few times that there are people who grow up learning not to trust and they're fine.
But the people who grow up not who just trust everybody, those people are in for a very big
let down with the number of people that are paid to lie.
You see, that's the trick and how much lying occurs.
It's very similar to culture shock that can happen sometimes when people go to a country where negotiation is normal.
and you go to a street market and you wanna buy something and you're kinda surprised at how the transaction goes and maybe it's even a little coarse because you didn't realize that you were insulting the guy by taking his first price.
Or you were insulting the guy by not bargaining with him.
Or by not burping at the table.
These people are actors, ladies and gentlemen.
We've got to wake up to that and we've got to teach our children how vulnerable they are to actors on social media.
They're going to they're going to buy up the said they own the medical schools.
They own the medical profession.
Right.
They've corrupted everything.
And they're just not going to sit there because to admit their guilt.
is just not to bring down the apparatus and to actually start to lead America to be healthy again, it's to hold them accountable and responsible for what they did and what they knowingly did to the American people, and particularly to the elderly and the young, right?
Of which they did and pushed it for more profits, sir.
Absolutely correct.
Could you put up that book?
What happened as a number of us got together?
And we've took the, there's about 5,000 papers showing the damage.
No, not that one, another one.
The Pfizer book?
Yeah.
No, the COVID-19 injuries book.
Oh, let's say the COVID-19 injuries?
Yeah, I sent it to you.
What book is that?
Okay, fine.
Okay.
What we did, a number of experts, it was quite a group effort.
$40 a book.
And we took out of these 5,000 papers, the 700 most severe vaccine injury.
Are you telling me that I could publish a book on Amazon and charge $40 a book?
That's remarkable, $40, wow.
Peer-reviewed medical papers.
And we put them all into, subdivided and put it all into this cumulative book and we made it free.
You can get it off the internet.
It's called COVID-19 Vaccine Injury.
700 clinical papers.
And anyone could go on there and read for themselves.
You see why that's a stupid, complicated solution, right?
It's just like Sherry Tenpenny telling you that she spent 25 years and 18 hours a day reading about vaccines, trying to learn stuff about vaccines, and she still doesn't have a real clear understanding, still doesn't have a real clear opinion or an elevator pitch about what we should do after 25 years of trying, even though the good Lord told her to do it.
Stop lying!
And so this is kind of the same thing.
It's like, you know, if you want to catch up to Charles Rixey, you're going to have to download his Excel sheet with 4,000 papers and read all those first and then get back to him.
This is fifth generation warfare, ladies and gentlemen.
This is bullshit.
What these vaccines have been doing.
We have not been able to have a voice anywhere.
It's all been suppressed.
You're not going to get on the mainstream media unless you tout the benefits of the vaccines.
You still hold it.
But hang on.
Hang on.
Slow down.
I got you.
If it's okay, I'm just going to move on to the second video because I do want to try and keep it under like two and a half hours here.
I'm starting to get hot.
The next video is actually picking up where we left off yesterday.
I'll see what the end of that one is like.
This is the video about mRNA.
We paused right here.
I'm just going to pick it up right here.
We got about 30 minutes left.
The FDA director is launching a national study into COVID-19 vaccine harms.
We have not gotten full elucidation of the risks of these mRNA vaccines.
So the reason why I titled this show, Getting the Band Back Together, number two, is because yesterday it was Getting the Band Back Together.
And it seemed like what they were doing was representing a conference that took place in January of 2023, as though it took place more recently.
And that the function of that conference was to tell everybody that the mRNA was a bad idea, when in fact, it was like a fifth generation warfare conference.
where Sasha Latapova told us it was the DoD and Merrill Nass told us it was the DoD and Robert Malone told us that we would never figure it out.
And so this is the second half of that video where now I guess they're gonna tell us that the FDA is wrong or something like that.
And again, that the RNA is, the RNA,
transfection, that they're not going to call a transfection, keep calling a vaccine was bad, and that these people are the ones who've been speaking out about it from the very beginning, including Robert Malone.
Hundreds of thousands of people have claimed that they've been vaccine injured.
I take those concerns very seriously.
What is inside my arm?
What's in my arm?
What's in my arm, El?
In this chapter, let's break down the science using 3D visuals to show how the mRNA vaccine works and explore its potential links to clotting and heart damage.
Let's also use an AI voice.
But first, let's recognize that messenger RNA isn't just a man-made invention.
In its natural form, it's a marvel within our bodies.
Evolution has gifted life with the wonders of genetic coding.
I decided to start it here to remind you that, again, one of the things that they did in this movie, scripted, is tell everybody that evolution is real because DNA is so magic.
But then they don't manage to tell you that all the chemical magic of DNA is missing from RNA.
But I guess RNA can still pandemic, because what the hell, you know?
We told you.
The blueprint of existence.
in this grand symphony of life.
That's already bad, right?
Because the enzyme didn't have to open up the double helix.
So that was already a bullshit cartoon.
The double helix has to be open.
You can't read it without opening it.
So that's already stupefied and simplified to the point where you're not actually giving people any reasonable information, at least insofar as the cartoon is supposed to look like.
Messenger mRNA plays a vital part.
The magnificent diversity of life stems from humble beginnings, evolving over billions of years to attain its marvelous complexity.
The journey from primitive beings to complex creatures would not have been possible without the genetic blueprint called DNA and the related molecule RNA.
DNA holds all the instructions to maintain the body.
These instructions are then copied from DNA into smaller snippets called messenger RNA, which are the to-do list for each cell.
So you can think... I just want to be clear to Vilma in the chat that I really think that neuro-linguistic programming is only something you need to worry about when you listen to one person, like a therapist.
The much more dangerous is when two people just talk to each other and agree to lie about something, agree to pretend to understand something.
And so there might be neuro-linguistic programming used in that kind of podcast enchantment, but it's not even really necessary.
And it's really not even necessary at all.
And in fact, I think a lot of what Peter Duke is doing in that article is complicating a very, very uncomplicated thing.
You don't need to become an expert in neurolinguistic programming to understand how dangerous it is if three people are scripted to lie to you.
Think of DNA as the blueprint, and mRNA is the project manager bringing plans to life.
the project manager.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade.
During the space race of the 1950s and 60s, genetics research saw rapid progress, including the discovery of messenger RNA in 1961.
And this is absolutely true.
And so I tried to say this earlier in the stream, but during the time of the atomic weapons and World War II and the dropping of the bombs, there was also this
rapid change in focus from atomic energy and unleashing the power of the bomb to the final rules of life.
Because again, it was assumed that once DNA was discovered, then that means that mutations in the DNA would be the way that
that evolution would have, that's the mechanism of evolution.
And so then the trick would become how do we get from DNA to an organism?
How is an organism encoded in the DNA?
And we've only ever been able to get so far as to say that we can find coding regions that seem to code for proteins.
That's as far as we've ever gotten.
We have not gotten anywhere near the point where we can understand how the expression of proteins is coordinated over time, how the assembly of proteins is coordinated across time and space, any of this stuff, and whether or not that is encoded in the DNA has never even, it's not, most of these questions haven't even been asked because we have been forced by funding and by mentorship
to focus exclusively on this evolution-because-DNA and DNA-RNA protein, leaving out, of course, the wonderful machine of the ribosome about whom we have no idea.
Today, scientists have figured out how to create a synthetic modified version of mRNA in the lab that is engineered to last longer and evade immune detection.
Our cells mistake this lab-made mRNA as their own, and our body starts to create proteins for therapeutics or vaccines.
See, that's one of the more interesting parts of this video because they show the LNP kind of passing through the membrane, not binding to it.
And I think that's a much more accurate representation of it.
I think you can think of them more as oil bubbles moving through oil.
And so it's very possible that the lipid nanoparticles could go to the nucleus.
It's very possible they could go to mitochondria, the ER.
and only change their chemical composition and release their components at an unpredictable place or time.
I think that's probably more likely than not and part of the reason why they don't talk too specifically about what the lipid nanoparticle contributes to this mechanism.
Those ribosomes are not embedded in membranes, that's pretty dumb.
For example, your mitochondria have ribosomes.
What would happen if the ribosomes of mitochondria were transcribing the spike protein instead?
Just not an unreasonable question here.
The modified mRNA vaccines are created on a computer in a lab without using a real virus.
These genetic vaccines only required the genetic sequence of the coronavirus.
We never had access to the physical virus to design the product.
It's almost like they're putting those little clips in there for the benefit of the no virus people.
You know, we didn't even have the virus, we just had the sequence.
They're doing that on purpose because it's all one malevolent harmony.
There's gotta be a little bait in here for everybody that's part of this trap on the populist right side that knows for sure it's a lab leak.
In the early stages of the pandemic, Chinese scientists released the genetic code of the coronavirus, sparking a global race to develop a vaccine.
As soon as we get that sequence, let's plug it into mRNA, that's all I needed was the sequence.
They used the genetic code provided by Chinese scientists as a backbone for their mRNA vaccine.
The modified genetic code in the vaccine instructs our bodies to produce only a specific part of the coronavirus rather than the entire virus itself.
One of the things that never gets mentioned anymore by the illustrious Kevin McKernan is that when they make the spike protein mRNA, not only did they end methyl
N1 methyl pseudouridine, did they not chemically alter it to that?
But they also designed an RNA with codon optimization, meaning that the codons are not the codons that were reported in Wuhan, but they are codons which are optimized for the human codons for these amino acids.
And that's a pretty difficult thing to explain, but you know that the
The genetic code is somewhat redundant at certain codons.
And that redundancy means that some codons are more prevalent in human tissues than others.
And the genetic code of the virus has codons that are rarer in human mRNAs and would maybe result in less expression.
And so they changed these codons to optimize them for human expression.
And in so doing, what they have done is changed the shape
not of, well, of the spike protein perhaps, but they've changed the shape of the RNA.
Because an RNA molecule is not what they've just shown you there with a few spins in it, but it's more like a phone cord that's been pulled to extension and then let come back together.
And then you get this random assortment of tangles and windings.
And depending on the specific
code of that RNA, then there's tendencies for different kinds of curls to occur.
And those curls have an effect on how that mRNA goes through a particular ribosome.
So these are all attributes of
unknowns that are currently not discussed at all as a problem for the mRNA.
But instead, we're just talking about the DNA contamination.
We're just talking about the fact that they chose this crazy Wuhan spike protein.
We're not talking about the fact that transfection in general would be bad.
We're not talking about the fact that the lipid nanoparticle with nothing in it at all might be bad.
We're not talking about the fact that the spike protein is irrelevant.
Just expressing protein with
impure RNAs that are codon optimized so that you do not know the three-dimensional structure, that it could in fact be different, that the end result will be that the protein that is produced is probably not related to the one that it was originally designed to be related to.
And none of that is presented here.
in this dumb, simple cartoon.
Vaccine platforms are using what's called the spike protein of the coronavirus.
The spike proteins are the tiniest.
Oh my goodness, that's right.
You all, you young kids don't know about phone cords.
Phone cords, phones used to have cords.
It went all the way to the wall and they were a curly cord.
And so you could get curls that curled on curls.
And that's what RNA and DNA does.
Those are called G... G something somethings.
What do they call it?
I can't remember anymore.
Somebody will remember it.
Once this mRNA code is injected into your body, it instructs your cells to make these coronavirus spikes.
By creating these spikes in our body, our immune system should build immunity against this specific part of the virus.
And of course, here they are with the cartoon, immunity is antibodies.
That's exactly how Francis Collins explained it at the beginning of 2020 in July, when he showed this cartoon of antibodies for the spike and that the vaccine antibodies were better than the immunity from the virus.
Same bullshit.
The worst mistake of all would be to take messenger RNA and then have it code for a lethal protein that was engineered in a Chinese biosecurity lab.
Stop lying!
That was a disaster.
The mRNA technology is exceptionally complicated and unlike anything we have seen with standard vaccines.
when people receive their first COVID-19.
Can I try to portray what kind of trap we're in?
Nobody on the left, nobody that sees what they are shown is seeing this.
Nobody that sees what they are shown is seeing Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as a good guy.
Nobody that sees what they are shown is seeing Donald Trump as a bad guy.
Only people who have tried to figure it out see Donald Trump as somebody who might be okay or have considered the possibility that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
might be fighting a imperfect but morally justified battle.
We are in big trouble, ladies and gentlemen, because none of us should have been fooled by this, but all of us were.
and it didn't matter whether you believed it or you didn't believe it, you were being fooled by it because not believing it accepted the other part, you know, the novel virus that just came from a laboratory or from a natural leak, but it doesn't really matter because viruses are real and happen all the time and that's why we have vaccines and thank goodness for Paul Offit.
Vaccine, it was the first time their body received lipid nanoparticles.
It's getting freaking hot in here.
The mRNA vaccine dose is filled with tiny bubbles of fat called lipid nanoparticles.
These fat bubbles protect the modified mRNA from degrading and help it enter cells.
Once inside, the mRNA instructs the cells to produce a genetically engineered version of the spike protein.
Tiny bubbles, tiny bubbles, tiny bubbles, tiny bubbles.
Ooh, I can hear it.
I can hear it go in.
The lipid nanoparticles, when they attach to cells, then the lipid nanoparticles dump off their payload messenger RNA.
The messenger RNA then is taken into the cytoplasm of the cell.
It's read by ribosomes over and over and over again.
The spike protein, which is a foreign protein, is expressed on the surface of cells.
The injection of mRNA vaccines turns our bodies into spike protein manufacturing sites.
Oh, look at those cute little endothelial cells with their little spikes.
With every dose, a substantial amount of these modified spike proteins are created inside your body.
The scientific community has... So there they're showing the spike proteins on endothelial cells, implying that endothelium will get attacked.
Now, the only question is, is whether you're going to take their word for it that the spike protein is special or just the idea that transfecting your endothelium might be the worst idea ever.
...stated that the spike protein created by the vaccine is harmless.
Concerns have been raised about its potential to cause harm.
A Yale preprint detected spike protein up to 709 days after vaccination in patients with post-vaccination syndrome.
It could have been a frog protein and it would have gotten all the same results.
That's my point.
It could have been a frog protein and it wouldn't have mattered.
It would have still gotten you the same results with this carrier and this codon optimization and N1 methyl pseudouridine.
It would have all been the same.
I don't think the spike proteins specific sequence contributes anything to the results of what we're seeing.
The code that they used is for the spike protein.
Early on in the pandemic, we learned that the spike protein is the toxic part of this virus that causes clotting, that causes inflammation, that causes myocarditis, that causes brain fog.
And remember that we had people on the internet very early that were coordinated and scripted to say this, that start with Kevin McCairn, who was interacting with me as early as March of 2020.
who's connected directly to George Webb of 60 Minutes fame, and Robert Malone, Lawsuit fame, and Jane Ruby fame, and all these other shitheads, Peter Duke.
There's no way to get around this.
George Webb was on 60 Minutes in February of 2020, and it's not because he just had a good story about the Wuhan Games.
George Webb is a scripted actor on the exact same script that Kevin McCairn, Paul Cuttrell, Mary Holland, Meryl Nass, Robert Malone, Jane Ruby, all these people, they're all on the same script.
Sasha Latapova, Catherine Watt, Naomi Wolf, Kevin McKernan, Ryan Cole,
Peter McCullough, Jessica Rose.
I mean, these are all the same team.
The spike protein... Any foreign protein expression will trigger a response.
Any protein that is even not where it's supposed to be could potentially trigger a response even if it is an endogenous one.
Absolutely correct, Jason M.
That is at the heart of this biology and what all of these people are trying to obfuscate with the LNP and with brand new gene therapy and with the spike protein being a toxic protein.
Absolutely, positively A+.
Directly causes blood clotting and is found in the middle of large blood clots.
Researchers have concerns that the immune response triggered by mRNA vaccines could potentially... Look at those antibodies floating around.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
...potentially lead to excessive attacks on our tissues and organs.
But understand that if the endothelium is destroyed, clotting will occur.
If little tiny parts of the endothelium are destroyed, micro-clotting will occur.
It's not amyloid and it's not frickin' prion.
Holy shit, these people are awful.
And any cell that makes this foreign protein now becomes a target of your own immune cells to attack as well.
He said it pretty well.
He just said foreign protein.
He didn't say the spike protein because it's so nasty.
Those cells will be attacked immunologically, as if they're infected with the virus.
The immune system detects the presence of spikes and initiates the destruction of the infected cells.
I'm going to check the name.
Hold on one second.
Inside mRNA vaccines, the documentary.
And actually, let me show you.
Did I put that in here somewhere?
It's in the other one.
There are three... I'm gonna find it in the other one.
Hold on one second.
I think I had it in the other one.
Here.
There are three prominent... I'm sure I had it in this one.
Didn't I have it in this one?
Please tell me.
Yeah, right here.
There are... I gotta resume this slideshow and I gotta escape.
Then I'm gonna come over here.
Hold on one second.
I'm gonna try and show you what I mean.
Yes.
This, there are three places on Rumble already where you can find this documentary, like the day that it was released, one of them being this Coronavirus Plushie account.
And they already had lots of views after only less than a day.
And I knew of two of these, I knew of Sierra Delta and I knew of Coronavirus Plushie.
a long time ago, because this one posts a lot of videos that I think are, you know, Mickey Willis and this kind of thing.
And so it's available in a lot of places, and that's conspicuous, and by design, of course.
Let's keep this going here.
I got to start it over, though.
Sorry about that.
A director is launching a national study into fairness plan.
Other and other and well.
If you look at some of the studies, where does the vaccine, where does the spike protein like to go to?
What makes this foreign protein now?
A widespread distribution could result in the production of spike protein in various organs.
Lipid nanoparticles go everywhere in the body, as in everywhere.
Why is he smiling like that?
To the brain, to the bone marrow, to the liver, to the spleen, most importantly, to the reproductive organs, to the testes, to the ovaries.
So lipid nanoparticles can't be controlled.
Most of the lipids should stay in the shoulder, and they are designed to efficiently enter the deltoid muscle cells.
But they can also be taken up by other cells in the body.
What did they just say in this video?
What did they just say in this actual video?
What?
Health officials have been cautious in acknowledging that these particles may have the potential to distribute beyond the injection site.
If these particles enter the bloodstream, they may potentially increase risks.
That's not by accident.
Showing you a little bleeding injection is not by accident.
That's supposed to make you think that John Campbell and Marc Giraudeau are like, maybe we should have, we should pull back on the needle first.
Holy shit.
A widespread distribution could result in the production of spike protein in various organs.
Lipid nanoparticles go everywhere in the body, as in everywhere.
What a bastard.
To the brain, to the bone marrow, to the liver, to the spleen, most importantly to the reproductive organs, to the testes, to the ovaries.
So lipid nanoparticles can't be controlled.
Most of the lipids should stay in the shoulder, and they are designed to efficiently enter the deltoid muscle cells.
They are saying that in their own movie, most of the lipids should stay in the shoulder.
They're opening it up to the possibility that maybe for you it didn't go anywhere.
These people are awful.
Oh my gosh, they're awful.
But they can also be taken up by other cells in the body.
So not only can the cells in your deltoid muscle be turned into spike production sites, but also cells in your heart muscle and organs.
Current leading theories of mRNA vaccine-related cardiovascular problems include spike protein expression in tissues and molecular mimicry of the spike protein.
Molecular mimicry is what Dolores Cahill was talking about from very early on, and not being specific about what molecules are being mimicked is very much an admission that this is a bullshit argument.
This guy's dead, of course.
This guy's dead, and this guy wasn't saying it was amyloid.
This guy wasn't saying it was prion.
Just keep that in mind.
The late pathologist Arne Burkhardt and his team examined over a hundred biopsies from individuals suspected of having suffered adverse reactions to vaccines, some of which were fatal.
And the destruction of the endothelium may be one of the major factors.
These biopsies provide clues about how the vaccine may contribute to damage to organs and tissues.
Our findings are so alarming that the vaccination should be stopped immediately, and especially the vaccination of children.
When these tiny fat particles enter the bloodstream, they may be absorbed by the walls of blood vessels or the heart.
If these tissues produce spike proteins, our immune system may attack these areas, causing potentially serious damage to the vessel walls or the heart.
Having nothing to do with the spike protein, it doesn't matter what protein they expressed here.
It only had to be foreign and maybe it could have just been one that didn't belong.
We found spike protein in many organs and many tissues.
Spike protein was in the endothelium and in the vessels, in the vessel walls.
Arne Burkhardt's autopsy findings align with a growing body of biopsy and biodistribution studies, including one that used deep learning to track lipid nanoparticle distribution in animals.
It was actually known before it was deployed in humans, based on rodent models.
That was the brain area that I worked on.
Now I got to go all the way back here.
The FDA director is launching a national study into... These biopsies provide clues about by the walls of blood vessels or the heart.
If these tissues produce spike proteins, our immune system may attack these areas, causing potentially serious damage to the vessel walls or the heart.
We found spike protein in many organs and many tissues.
Spike protein was in the endothelium and in the vessels, in the vessel walls.
Arne Burkhardt's autopsy findings align with a growing body of biopsy and biodistribution studies, including one that used deep learning to track lipid nanoparticles.
That's the hippocampus, the site of spatial learning in a mouse and probably in a human, but this is a mouse or a rat.
And so this is kind of the brain region I worked on.
I actually worked on the main input to this brain region.
This is the dentate gyrus, and then this is the hippocampus.
But it's still kind of cool.
distribution in animals.
It was actually known before it was deployed in humans, based on rodent models, that these products went all over the body and yet they persisted to continue to deploy them.
And so his specific role was to come out on the Bret Weinstein podcast and not say that in June of 2021 because somebody by the name of Byron Bridle was saying it in Canada.
And so they shut Byron Bridle up with pressure from his university and then put this shithead on the Weinstein podcast with Steve Kirsch to not say what he just said.
What a malevolent shithead is Robert Lowe.
It was actually known before it was deployed in humans, based on rodent models, that these products went all over the body, and yet they persisted to continue to deploy them.
Stop lying!
Health agencies approved mRNA vaccines, knowing that lipid nanoparticles can spread to different organs in animal studies.
But you see how contradictory that is, right?
He knew from animal studies, he knew from inventing them, but he still took the shot according to his own lying mouth.
even though Stephen Hadfield says he forgot to bring his vaccine card to Rome when they went to visit the Vatican and the Roman Senate.
So I don't know why he took the Moderna in order to travel, but then forget his frickin' vaccine card, because they didn't have one.
It was just funny.
They had antigen tests there, though, that were super specific.
It was crazy.
That's actually a story that Steve Hadfield tells.
So on one hand, we're supposed to believe that Robert Malone was misled by Peter Cullis, who said that the lipid nanoparticle problem was fixed and it stays in the shot area, so he took two.
But now we're supposed to believe that he knew all along that they didn't stay there.
They conclude that any spread of mRNA beyond the injection site is minimal and short-lived, and have not raised major concerns about the spike protein.
Research cited by health agencies shows no conclusive evidence of significant harm in humans.
We never use experimental products in pregnant women.
We never use it in children.
In this situation, we've done both.
And we don't know what's gonna happen to these children long-term after the shot.
If you look at some of the studies, where does the vaccine, where does the spike protein like to go to?
To women's ovaries, to men's testes, and how is it gonna affect their future fertility, their ability to have children?
The answer is we don't know.
It is just so malevolent to realize that these people like Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and Mike Palmer and Haseem Malhotra and Meryl Nass are all responsible for the confusion about a lab leak and a confusion about a toxic spike protein designed in a Chinese lab and responsible for the fear and frustration and doubt that led to a lot of people accepting the countermeasures as a better alternative.
are now pretending to have been right all along and are now pretending to be the people speaking out against the shit that they actually were paid to facilitate and paid to hide the murder that justified it.
It is pretty remarkable where we are on the conservative right, because the people that we believe are heroes are responsible for the injuries of our family members, for our family members going along with the TV, because obviously these people are scripted fools.
We're in trouble, ladies and gentlemen.
The conservative right, the populist right in America needs to wake up and wake up fast.
We have been had.
No long-term safety data.
My doctor, while I was pregnant, said, I'm going to give you the vaccine.
I have another client.
The baby's totally fine.
The baby's immune to COVID.
This is a really good thing.
And I was like, I wanted to please my doctor.
I love my doctor.
I respect the doctor.
This part of this is right.
This part of this is brutal.
I told the story yesterday.
It is much worse than I thought.
Doctors and their staff are much worse than I thought.
It's way worse than I thought.
I had one of the best doctors in Pittsburgh with one of the highest ratings in Pittsburgh.
He was a great guy.
And the moment I tried to tell him that he might not understand everything that he thought he understood, he completely wrote me off.
And even after I've corrected, course corrected,
and fine-tuned my understanding of this illusion, including to include that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and C.H.D.
aren't who they say they are, but there's still an issue here.
He is just full-blown seeing what he has shown.
He and like many, most other doctors are only seeing what they are shown.
And right now this video is only showing you what they want you to see.
Please understand these people are all unwitting participants or scripted actors.
And so I got home and I told my husband, you know, I'm thinking about doing this.
He's like, no, no, no, no, no, don't, don't, don't, just don't, let's wait, let's wait till after.
I said, okay, okay.
And of course, this would be a very easy time to point out that we were already worried about women and what they ingest during pregnancy.
So the idea that we would inject random things into pregnant people is just absurd.
And so we're not really scoring the touchdowns that we could score in this video, because again, it is showing you only what they want you to see, allowing you to think only what they want you to think.
I regret it every single day that I walked into my local pharmacy to get that shot in my arm.
But the news got me when they said, hey, you're going to have to protect your children.
And I'm a new mother, and well, what are you going to do?
I want to protect my child.
And they're safe and they're highly effective.
That these are safe and effective.
Those two words haunt me to this day.
And that's safe.
And that was by design, safe and effective is the mandate of the FDA.
That's why Fauci said it.
That's why McKernan said it.
That's why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad and Brett Weinstein's dad were involved in it.
And Estes Kefauver was killed because of it.
The FDA is one of the targets here because it's in the way of the Human Genome Project and are being used as experimental animals.
The FDA stands in the way.
It stands in the way specifically of personalized, designed transfection medicine.
If and effective.
Which this vaccine was not safe for me, and it was not effective.
Safe and effective while there's neuropathy and pain throughout my whole body.
I can't think straight.
I have brain fog.
I can't dance anymore.
Jessica's serious condition has put an indefinite pause on her career as a multi-talented artist.
Jessica Sutta rose to stardom as a... Jays and Em, I thought exactly the same thing.
Once they were trying to give it to pregnant women, I thought, wow, this is a big mistake because this is just stupid.
And everybody will see how stupid this is.
It's remarkable that they didn't.
I really, I am exactly where you were.
a member of the Pussycat Dolls, one of the best-selling girl groups of all time, with 55 million records sold.
I've had the most incredible experiences in my career.
I didn't know that was her.
That's funny.
After the COVID shot, I have not been able to dance again.
You know, after the COVID shot, I think my friend Annie Wershing actually got brain cancer and died, like, six months later.
After the COVID shot, about a year later, my best friend had a frickin' aneurysm and died.
I mean, so...
I mean, it sucks.
There are a lot of people who are probably hurt, but there are a lot of people who are freaking dead.
And I don't know if I ever will dance again.
Following the mRNA vaccine, Jessica developed severe autoimmune-like symptoms, leaving her in excruciating... Autoimmune-like symptoms?
What a weird imprecision that is.
...pain and relentless fatigue for over three years.
So about two days after the first shot, I woke up with the most excruciating muscle spasm in my right rib.
It spread through my whole entire rib cage, burning, stabbing, the most awful, intense pain that no pain reliever can take away.
I had a stammer for a while where I couldn't put words together and I had involuntary head jerks and leg jerks, overall fatigue, joint pain, all throughout my whole body.
And during this, I lost about 50 pounds in three months.
Oh, I hear a sudden pharmaceutical company going, oh shit, wow, what happened there?
We gotta check that out.
I feel like my body is eating itself.
As I sit in front of you right now, I'm in... Maybe she can get bit by a tick that makes her allergic to herself, and then her body will stop eating itself.
I don't know.
So much pain, I could just cry.
So life for me is just a painful existence every single day.
Honest to God, I feel like I just turned 41, and I feel like I'm 100.
I never knew 41 would feel like 100.
And yeah, it's...
It's devastating.
I definitely feel bad for her.
I'm not making fun of her.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't want anyone to go through what I'm going through.
I do not.
I wouldn't wish this upon my worst enemy.
And the fact that I did this to Kim, I just... It's so lucky that Steve Kirsch, you know, only lost some sight in his eye and Robert Malone just ended up forgetting his Vax card but didn't, you know, get hurt and had actually helped with his long COVID or something, I think.
Remember, because that's why Robert Malone took it, because he had long COVID.
Because I can't imagine this happening to a young child.
The most important thing to remember is what happens when it happens to a young child.
They don't know, and they can't tell you, and they can't make the connection, and neither can their dipshit doctor.
mRNA technology.
It's still new, and it seems like there are a lot of possibilities for where this could be used.
The lowest hanging fruit is other vaccines.
The mRNA vaccines, its uses are being expanded tremendously into other vaccines and then into animals, which terrifies me because we just don't know any long-term data.
While these mRNA vaccines aren't meant to alter our genes, they do use our gene machinery.
With the rise of mRNA products, our bodies are becoming factories for drug production.
In this presentation, where these people were in Stockholm in January of 23, including Mike Palmer, Meryl Ness, Robert Malone, Sasha Latipova, the mother of Soph, and the fraud Asim Malhotra from the UK.
In 2023, this guy presented a presentation about fifth generation warfare and about how there were no morals.
There were no limits to what they would do in order to enslave you, and you would never figure out who the people that were doing it to you were.
And he played a brochure video from the U.S.
Army Psyops Corps.
These are the Psywar.
This is the fifth generation warfare deployed by America on the world.
They recruited people from other countries.
They promoted people like Nick Hudson and Claire Craig and Jonathan Engler from other countries to do the same thing that Sasha Latupova is doing and very, very ineffectively question the narrative without actually questioning the narrative or making any useful progress against anything.
These are some of the worst actors on earth.
And they are responsible for a lot of others unwittingly fueling the behavior of the lemmings around them.
But these people are not innocent.
Meryl Nass is one of the worst Americans alive.
It's unfortunate, but it's true.
Robert Malone's one of the worst Americans alive.
This Sasha Latupova person is one of the worst Americans and one of the worst moms alive.
This is one of the worst sons and one of the most fraudulent doctors alive.
Rise of MRNA products.
Our bodies are becoming factories for drug production.
Why were they filming it like that to make a documentary, but then not release it for two years?
Why would they film that conference in January of 2023 but not release this documentary for two and a half years?
Unless it was a scripted theater all along and that's why they use ZDogg and Paul Offit videos and audio in this video because it was all done as part of a script.
These experts emphasize extreme caution to protect current and future generations from any potential health disasters, as we've seen with toxic substances in the past, such as lead, asbestos, and DDT.
Dusting with DDT was begun at once.
They're working on this technology, this lipid nanoparticle plus a gene sequence, for so many other viruses and infectious diseases now.
By helping to create the vaccines that really rescued us from the coronavirus, I'm here with Stphane Bancel, who is the CEO of Moderna.
What's next?
So what we're working on is a lot of vaccines, around 30 plus vaccines today.
The FDA has approved Moderna's RSV vaccine for people 60 and older.
To approve a new type of self-amplifying mRNA vaccine.
and they want to do this and they want people to think, see, we used it during COVID.
Wasn't it great that we were able to warp speed it?
No, it's not great.
Now they've got 50 more racing trains coming down the tracks because they- Why did they show Biden there?
Why did they show Biden?
Warp speed and the rushing of it was Donald Trump.
It's so interesting.
This is so weird.
It's almost like they're liars.
They think they have permission.
It was such a success of mRNA technology.
The mRNA technology is a very powerful technology.
How can Sasha be better than the rest of the group if she's freaking part of the group?
What the hell is wrong with you?
That's like saying that Ku Klux Klan guy is better than most of them.
At least he can hang out at barbecues.
That is the biggest bullshit comment I've ever heard.
She's on their team.
She's been at the barbecues.
She's been at the frickin' hotel breakfast.
She's traveled the world with Robert Malone and Meryl Nass, two of the biggest frauds in America, but she's better than them?
Come on, dude.
Have a little more discernment than that.
Throughout the pandemic, world leaders championed the new mRNA vaccine platforms, expanding their use to other vaccines.
Indeed, mRNA vaccines will be central to the EU's preparedness plan.
If she's less narrow-minded than them, it's because she has a different script than them.
They gave her slightly different lines.
Come on.
You are... You are... You've got to be pretending in the chat.
That can't possibly be real.
For fighting COVID-19 and other viruses.
It is a great moment for us and it's a great moment for all the thousands of people working here.
They feel very excited about your visit.
And this pioneering technology could be the backbone of our future vaccine portfolio.
AI holds incredible promise for all of us.
To design a vaccine for every individual person, to vaccinate them against that virus.
And this pioneering technology could be the backbone.
You see that?
What is that?
Those are not... Those are not labels of these machines, ladies and gentlemen.
What those are, are script cards.
Script cards, so that while they're speaking to the cameras in this setup, they don't forget the main points.
There's no vaccine factory that has a fricking laminated sign that says RNA and another laminated sign that says lipid right next to it.
Holy shit.
Of our future vaccine portfolio.
Thank you.
AI holds incredible promise for all of us.
to design a vaccine for every individual person.
Using AI to generate vaccines, using AI to find genes, using AI to diagnose things is something that Claire Craig was doing before the pandemic, that Kevin McKernan was doing before the pandemic, that everybody interested in the Human Genome Project was doing before the pandemic, that anybody that's interested in using AI
to de-identify or re-identify genetic data with medical data, like from the Epic database, would definitely be interested in learning language learning, large learning modules.
Man, I'm talking about really networks and networks and networks that are designed to just make giant,
machine learning algorithms, giant machine learning algorithms to try and crunch the data that they are collecting.
They aren't there yet, just like they needed to first start with chess before they moved on to learning the game Go.
They are not there yet, but they've got a couple data sets now.
They got a data set from Ohio State.
They got a data set from the University of Illinois and they can take all those student data records and go back into Epic and pull those out and then take all the swab samples from all those kids and sequence them all and see if they can feed that data into an AI and see if the AI can pull patterns out.
And if it doesn't work, maybe they'll add the Ohio State data to the Illinois State data.
And maybe if that doesn't work, they'll at least know what does.
And then they'll take those things and apply it to the Florida State data or rerun the Ohio State data after they've modified the code analyzing the University of Illinois data.
Someday they'll get it right in plenty of time for our grandkids.
I like where my Chief Woohoo ended up there.
To vaccinate them against that cancer.
And you can make that vaccine, that mRNA vaccine.
It's a strand of mRNA, the code of life inside every cell of your body.
Then it has the power to change everything.
Moderna, this changes everything.
Are companies like Moderna, this is a revolutionary biotech firm that's creating a whole new class of medicines based on messenger RNA, the software of life.
Well, it's almost science fiction what you're up to.
It's like software.
It's a software of life.
I mean, we have 48 drugs today in development.
48.
48 today.
And there's 50 more in the labs cooking.
While Moderna's products are not designed to alter genes, but to cure diseases and develop vaccines,
It is also true that mRNA technology has made humanity more open to gene and cell therapies, a view echoed by Stefan Ulrich, an executive at Bayer.
The mRNA vaccines are an example for that cell and gene therapy.
I always like to say, if we had surveyed two years ago in the public, would you be willing to take a gene or cell therapy and inject it into your body?
We would have probably had a 95% refusal rate.
I think this pandemic has also opened many people's eyes to innovation.
Many people's eyes to innovation.
understand please that the understand that the skeptical part of the sales pitch is as important as the accepting part of the sales pitch the miracle part of the sales pitch because the skeptical part of the sales pitch coming together with the miracle part of the sales pitch is the
the fifth generation warfare because even the objections can be answered.
And so eventually, even though we were, it was flawed in the beginning or it was terrible in the beginning, there is an imaginary MRNA that's perfect for everyone.
There is a theoretical goal here that is good for everyone.
And even Mary Holland would say that this technology wasn't ready for prime time yet.
Even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Stephen Hadfield will tell you they're not anti-vaccine.
They've been doing vaccines for years.
They just want safe, tested vaccines.
It's converging on a common goal where we decide that there are no medicines that are good for everybody.
And so the FDA is kind of an outdated idea.
Not intramuscular injection, that's great.
It's the FDA that's an outdated idea.
By hacking organisms, elites may gain the power to re-engineer the future of life itself.
Of course, they just showed the dire wolves there, which is hilarious.
This will be the greatest revolution in biology since the very beginning of life four billion years ago.
What an absolute crock of shit this is.
Wow.
Jason M has hit another absolute home run.
Electroporation is the future, ladies and gentlemen, it absolutely is.
Hey, Toby!
A 39-year-old mother of two sons and wife to a wonderful husband experienced a life-changing turn after getting the mRNA vaccine.
It was very hard for my husband to watch me suffer the way I did, and my children didn't know what was going on.
You know, I didn't know if I was gonna live till the next day, and I had to have these hard conversations with my children.
Her nerves.
It's her nerves.
More cartoons.
Ooh.
Vaccines can dysregulate the immune system.
Multiple sclerosis here.
Triggering autoimmunity.
Look at that!
Wait, what is that?
What is that?
Is that a virus that's hanging around the myelin sheath of neurons?
What in the Sam hell are they showing here?
This is so crazy!
What is this?
Holy shit, what is this?
The antibodies are coming from where?
Where are the antibodies coming from in this shot?
Are they coming from the big virus cell here?
What the f... What is this?
Holy shit, is this bad.
Wow, is this bad.
What is going on in this video?
The body attacks itself, potentially damaging the immune system.
Could autoimmunity cause Toby's symptoms, where a dysregulated immune system attacks her nerves?
Vaccines can dysregulate the immune system, triggering autoimmunity.
I'm sorry, but look at that picture.
They are making it look like the antibodies are coming out of these giant viruses that are then attacking the myelin on the she.
That is fantastic.
The body attacks itself, potentially damaging nerves.
Wow.
I started suffering with severe vertigo.
Look at how bad that is.
Oh my gosh.
I felt like there was electric raindrops dropping on my skin.
I had burning sensations in my brain.
I was having audible hallucinations.
I was suffering from aura.
You should talk to Sherry Tenpenny.
She's had audible hallucinations.
She thinks God told her to do it because she's willing to do the work, whatever that meant.
migraines, tremors, internal vibrations, excruciating leg pains.
My veins were bulging and burning.
I developed POTS.
I had lost an extreme amount of weight.
I have extreme joint pain, muscle atrophy.
The list is endless.
I was afraid to fall asleep at night because I didn't know if I was going to wake up.
Over the course of 60 years of mRNA research, early studies failed to make mRNA work.
Simply injecting mRNA caused dangerous immune reactions and was highly inefficient.
Until Robert Malone took it to the next level.
Robert Malone's team made major breakthroughs proving that mRNA could be used as a drug.
By using lipids to protect the fragile mRNA, they successfully made it work in human cells.
That was an Inder Verma paper and Felger.
That was not the John Wolfe paper.
And it's interesting because John Wolfe was invited to write a review about human genetics with Joshua Lederberg, not the other two authors on that paper, not Robert Malone, but John Wolfe.
And John Wolfe, I think is dead.
I think he might even have died.
I don't know for sure.
He might've died as the same way that Tony Bark died.
of esophageal cancer in 2020.
That's possible.
Yet, the toxicity of these lipids remained a decades-long challenge.
Again and again and again those trials failed.
The industry has been plagued with the problem that these formulations... So don't forget that Inder Verma is an Indian guy who got a lot of awards in India.
He's a very highly respected geneticist in India who this guy studied with supposedly got PTSD from because they were fighting about the RNA idea for so long blah blah blah blah blah.
But Indoverma has been in front of the Congress talking about vaccines as well.
They're toxic.
Now there had been improvements in the technology or alterations at least since I had abandoned the field in the late 1990s because of the inflammation and toxicity of the formulations.
Their discovery led to a monumental medical breakthrough.
This year's Nobel Prize recognizes
Catalin Carrico and Drew Weissman made a Nobel Prize worthy discovery.
Don't forget that at the beginning of this video, Paul Offit on TWIV or no, sorry, on the ZDogg podcast is saying that Robert Malone could have won this Nobel Prize.
Could have.
Engineering mRNA to be nearly invisible to the immune system.
Unmodified foreign mRNA is very fragile and potentially dangerous to use.
This modified version of mRNA... Potentially dangerous to use.
Wow, that is wrong.
Holy shit.
...is more potent, durable, and less likely to cause harmful inflammation.
Wow!
Catherine Organic, how do you like that?
The analog N1 methyl pseudouridine is actually less likely to hurt you because it's so awesome.
Holy shit, that's amazing.
Krikal and Weissman
And so they took the U out and put pseudouridine in there and produced a molecule.
It's a kind of a modified synthetic thing.
And that worked considerably better because the RNA doesn't degrade.
It stays around for a long period of time.
And the pseudouridine appears to suppress some of the inflammation.
Wow, so we have Kevin McKernan making this mistake.
We have Brian Hooker making this mistake.
We have almost everyone on our list making the mistake of not saying, including Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying, not saying that it's not pseudouridine because pseudouridine is natural.
Pseudouridine wouldn't have worked.
Pseudouridine would not have done what N1 methyl pseudouridine did.
This
is not a mistake.
This is scripted bullshit that can be easily discarded by anyone who's looking.
They intentionally made messenger RNA synthetic for Pfizer-Moderna.
This increased the efficiency to the maximum
Using too much pseudouridine may cause error.
They keep saying pseudouridine.
Holy shit.
Catherine Organic is so right about this, it's painful.
In ribosome reading, leading to malfunctions.
A research team at Cambridge University found that.
Of course, that can also happen because of their codon optimization, but they're not saying that here.
With these vaccines, about 10% of the time, the cellular machinery produced faulty proteins instead of the intended spike protein.
While the researchers did not observe any harm with these proteins and assured that the issue could be fixed, the bigger question is how this was missed and whether there are more things overlooked.
Of course, the more things that you already know and what your brain is queuing up is the DNA contamination.
This modified RNA should be cleared from our bodies within days, but more research is needed to understand why it sometimes lingers much longer in some individuals.
There was statements made that the RNA only stays in your body for a brief period of time.
That's true for natural RNA, but this is not a natural RNA.
This is a synthetic product.
The pharmaceutical industry and the governments misrepresented this to patients.
I mean, he knew it and he didn't say it when he could have said it, so he misrepresented it too.
But he's pretending that he didn't.
He scripted Merrill Nass and Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to not adequately represent what this was by scripting them not to call it transfection.
And even though it says transfection on all those papers on his resume, this master still has not said it.
That's how you know they are scripted traitors.
As recently as 2017, just three years before the pandemic, mRNA technology was still in the experimental phase, with challenges in toxicity, biodistribution and very limited human testing.
So the RNA area, can you talk us through where we're at, how optimistic you are?
You know, there's early animal data that shows real promise.
In 2017, a Stat News investigation reported that Moderna's mRNA therapy for a rare disease failed in animal studies due to lipid particle toxicity.
The company has since... And so again, it's very curious to see that the FDA led by Marty McCary and Vinay Prasad is moving away from animal testing and going to AI and computational models, which would again allow mRNA to pass a lot of tests that it wouldn't otherwise pass.
You can see it's a full court press of bullshit.
Proved the safety of its technology.
Oh, let's cover all of it.
Oh yeah, let's... There he is!
Hey, that's the ribosome guy!
That's, uh... I don't remember his name, but that's the guy that Mark Kulak introduced me to.
Oh wow, we gotta go back a little bit, because that's pretty cool.
Um... So... ...scientists... ...saying I had to have these...
Are you sure?
On this unproven thing.
We were meeting with pharmaceutical and biotech.
Were not inflammatory and would remain localized at the site of injection of the draining lymph nodes.
And that became the storyline that all accepted.
I want to just pause it on some of these people.
Since the 90s, mRNA technology has made remarkable progress.
So, of course, we know he's a fraud.
These two probably don't understand how they're being used.
They're not very complicated.
Derek Rossi is actually one of the guys who was working with Moderna.
Derek Rossi actually had a postdoc by the name of Luigi Warren, and Luigi Warren was one of the original members of Drastic.
Luigi Warren is also the guy who gave me the Marek's disease paper in chickens and kind of encouraged me to talk about how transfection to the spike protein might cause the virus to evolve.
So the postdoc of Derek Rossi is actually responsible directly for setting me up thinking that I had something to say about why transfection to the spike protein might cause the virus to change.
And I didn't realize at the time that that of course made me accept that there was a virus going around.
His postdoc.
Luigi Warren the guy who had a spread in the in USA Today in 2020 actually was in that when a whole mid spread in USA Today Can't make this up.
I've touched every single part of this bullshit narrative burn more control
Robert Langer.
Peter Cullis is the guy that Robert Malone says lied to him about the lipid nanoparticle.
He is credited with inventing the lipid nanoparticle that saved everybody, but of course now we're finding out that it didn't save anybody and that it didn't do anything special and it just went everywhere.
And we have a video of Peter Cullis saying that he wasted
five postdocs trying to get lipid nanoparticles to stay in one place and one postdoc even threatened to quit if she was forced to work on it.
thanks to brilliant Barty Graham.
That's the guy who works at the big tall dude that works at the Vaccine Research Center for the NIH and also was the the like college roommate of the dude at Rice University that also now is at Pfizer or somewhere else like it's crazy.
Scientists and the decades
That guy's the dude with the, oh no, that's not him.
Okay, maybe I got that mixed up.
Maybe that's not the dude I thought it was.
I thought that that was the ribosome guy.
This is somebody completely different, my bad.
Long coordination of U.S.
scientific and military agencies.
But for a global vaccination campaign, it had to be more than just an exciting technology in development.
It had to be truly flawless.
The people working in the field believed that they had developed compounds and formulations that were not toxic, were not inflammatory, and would remain localized at the site of injection of the draining lymph nodes.
And that became the storyline that all accepted.
Stay at home during this pandemic.
a global vaccination program without a vaccine that hasn't been fully developed yet.
You get the overwhelming majority of the country vaccinated.
mRNA vaccines took the spotlight as one of the leading candidates for a COVID vaccine.
Today we're meeting with the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.
How can we make it faster?
We were able to go so fast because we were working for many years with the NIH and we had worked with Dr. Sparcy's team.
The former CDC director, Robert Redfield, was surprised by the strong preference for mRNA vaccines over traditional proven technologies.
Berks and I were on the board, and we voted for the protein vaccines to be included.
Berks and I felt this is, you know, 50-year technology.
Let's go with it.
And part of the reason we didn't win is everyone didn't think it was sexy enough, all right?
The mRNA was new, it was sexy.
There was a pretty heavy bias by other people in the room.
Fascinating that on mRNA technologies, Moderna had never safely brought a product to market ever before.
But that same company has never brought an approved vaccine to market.
It's never produced a commercial product before.
Drew Griffin explains why so many people are pinning their hopes on this unproven technology.
So why in the world were we allowing companies with no experience in the vaccine realms to produce a product to be used around the world?
And of course, the reason why that none of these people will tell you is that making an mRNA vaccine is as simple as making DNA, which is super cheap because of the Human Genome Project.
And it's a very, very common molecular biology methodology.
The whole thing is widely available, so anybody can do it.
That's why.
Borla, the CEO of Pfizer, admitted, he said, he went to a scientist and said, why are we using mRNA technology?
We've only been researching this for two and a half years.
And they just turned around and said to him, it's because it's what we're doing.
He came and suggested to me mRNA, and it was very counterintuitive, the decision.
I told him, are you sure?
If you do that, this is not going to be only the first COVID vaccine.
That will be the first vaccine ever.
And they felt strongly about it.
And I had to place my trust on them, and I did.
But was it too much of a leap to go from no approved mRNA vaccines to deploying them to billions?
The COVID vaccine trials were critical for evaluating mRNA technology's potential concerns about toxicity and biodistribution.
How do we know if these vaccines are working?
It takes about a decade, about 10 years and well over a billion dollars to bring a vaccine to market.
But the decision was made that there was not sufficient time.
What was done was to run very limited clinical trials of very short-term duration.
There needs to be some compromise in some of the safety measures that would normally be expected.
They overlapped the studies and were allowed to submit earlier research data.
Before the pandemic, the FDA sometimes treated mRNA vaccines as gene therapy products, but now they are recognized as genetic vaccines.
Critics argue that by treating these vaccines as traditional vaccines rather than genetic vaccine platforms, regulators may have bypassed certain safety checks.
There was a strong effort to deny that this was gene therapy technology because if it was acknowledged that it was gene therapy technology used for vaccination purposes, then a whole different set of regulatory tests would have had to been performed.
I don't think that's the lie.
I really think the lie is that if they would have said that it was old technology, then they would have to also admit that everybody in academia knows it would be absolutely ridiculous to use in healthy people.
regulatory agencies and public health experts declare that mRNA vaccines underwent.
Can you imagine if at any point on my stream, I just decided to cut to a, like a full length, you know, shot of me that was in slow motion going.
And then maybe when I was turned around like this I would be facing like the downtown of Amsterdam and I would turn into the camera slow-mo with really crazy music like... I mean, would you take me seriously anymore?
Like, what in the hell is going on here?
rigorous safety and efficacy evaluations, both before and after approval, with no critical steps bypassed.
They emphasize that these vaccines have saved millions of lives with minimal harm.
And ongoing safety monitoring shows no significant risks.
This vaccine, the mRNA vaccines, probably saved about three million lives.
The former CDC director is skeptical about mRNA technology's future in vaccines, but sees promise in therapeutics, including... Can you understand how it is that if we have Steve Hatfield and Redfield playing a role in governing us on social media, it's a trap?
If we have a guy who used to work for DITRA and DARPA and his best friends with David Hohn and used to work with Weiner and Koprowski and Offit all doing this shit to us, it's all one show.
If they're all connected by mentors and training and, you know, I used to roll there, I used to roll there, I was at the same congressional meeting as you all those years ago, they aren't here by accident.
for rare diseases.
The mRNA technology will not be used in vaccines.
OK, let's fast forward three years.
But I do think the mRNA technology will be used in therapeutics.
and the therapeutics will be personalized, right?
And vaccines may be eventually admitted to be flawed and flawed based on, you know, the genetic background of people sometimes makes them vulnerable, you know, like that MTHR gene.
After spending a lot of time and money on treatments, Toby and her husband.
You see that those are the people who also wore masks, right?
So those are the people that were most scared, most confused, and also did what they were told.
So the Robert Malone, Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, Alex Jones weapon was not aimed at them.
And face financial ruin.
My injury has cost us over $70,000, and I don't even know if I can fully heal or, you know, it's definitely put me in the right direction, but it's landed us in financial ruins.
And to where our credit's been ruined, we had to take out major loans, and now we're filing for bankruptcy.
So it's- It's an interesting cross she's wearing.
completely devastated us.
If you have an adverse event or your child has an adverse event, you are on your own.
From a compensation standpoint, you're literally hosed.
You're hosed.
And so that's one of the things that they're going to argue for in the near future is that we should put the COVID shot on the VICIP or whatever the hell it is.
So that, you know, people like Aaron Seery can get paid while they fight for our rights or our settlement or some shit.
That's part of the illusion of what they are fighting and what they're fighting for.
It's not, it doesn't help anybody.
The regulatory agencies and the pharma companies are completely immune to prosecution.
So we can't sue them and try to get financial recourse after injuries.
And so nobody is going to say here that that is a violation of a fundamental right.
That's my constitutional right.
Do you notice that nobody's actually saying that that's a constitutional right?
I find that quite shocking.
If you're making a movie and you are scripting something there.
If you have an adverse event or your child has an adverse event, you are on your own.
From a compensation standpoint, you're literally hosed.
The regulatory agencies and the pharma companies are completely immune to prosecution.
So we can't sue them and try to get financial recourse after our injuries.
That is a violation of a constitutional right.
It is a fundamental right.
And the PrEP Act allows that to happen without holding the government to strict scrutiny.
And there is a very, very malevolent reason why somebody with a Ph.D.
in biology is able to talk so succinctly and sharply about this while lawyers like Bobby Ann Cox or Aaron Seery or frickin' Mendenhall, who all helped, uh,
Grace's dad can't seem to get to this fundamental thing where this guy, this citizen of America should be saying at the end of that statement that it is my fundamental right to sue for damages over $20.
It is my fundamental constitutional right to sue for damages over $20.
And yet he is scripted not to say it's a constitutional right.
Because then it might cue some lawyer to realize that, holy shit, that means the PREP Act could be struck as unconstitutional by a single circuit court because it violates the fundamental rights.
It suspends fundamental rights without holding the government to strict scrutiny.
Holy shit.
Can you see how malevolent this is?
It's as malevolent as the loss that is being turned into a win by Grace's dad.
This is really awful.
And it's wrong, it's evil.
That's the guy who lost a hockey playing kid in Canada and they're using him, using him like a rag doll.
These people are abandoned.
Many people are devastated from the standpoint of their finances, they're physically devastated and they're often emotionally devastated.
Paul Merrick and his team at the Independent Medical Alliance are tirelessly... My God, is that guy a piece of shit.
Pierre Cory is one of the most fraudulent, traitorous Americans alive.
...researching and developing treatment protocols for long-term COVID and COVID vaccine injuries.
wow look who else was there holy shit that indian dude was there too that is freaking amazing
Mr. Bean, holy shit.
Clearly there are people out there suffering and they're often desperate.
The focus of this conference is on spark related disease.
Oh no, okay.
He was at the, he was at the FLCCC conference, not at the, but it was at the FLCC conference.
So before they changed their name to IMA and gave themselves over to that Spanish guy, um,
Dr. Bean was at one of those places where also this guy was and Corey was and Ryan Cole was.
So that's pretty, that's pretty hardcore.
You know, vaccine injured and the people here are really, their mission is to help those that are less fortunate and those that have suffered.
All right, spike protein.
Obviously the conferences around spike protein.
There's the...
There's the virus, talking about the spike protein, but we got to show you where it is in the virus.
Stop lying!
Wow.
I also want to thank Brad Dressen, who's my co-chair of React 19.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure React 19 is the same thing that was starting at the original CHD conference with black and yellow writing, and now they've changed the coloring of the logo and stuff like that, but it's the same thing, I'm sure.
This is a time when we all can share our individual experiences with regards to COVID and those injured by the COVID shots and be able to collaborate and try to hopefully move forward.
So nowhere in this conference are they going to question the idea that maybe they just murdered a lot of people and lied about it.
Maybe they just managed the population pyramid and lied about it.
Maybe they just let opioids go nuts.
Nowhere in this conference because they all accept COVID.
COVID and the COVID spike.
To develop better diagnostics and treatments.
It could be that it's Kirsch's nonprofit organization, but I'm just saying that at the second CHD conference, they were already there and they had a very big booth, a top level right next to CHD's booth.
So that's pretty, you know, they weren't down with the rest of the vendors, let's put it that way.
It's really hard to understand this unless you're living it.
This experience has been the most isolating experience of my life.
Okay, not to belittle her experience, but this has also been the most isolating experience of my life, trying to explain to people how all of these people are coordinated, scripted actors, because otherwise, I can't explain the last six years of my life
and all this weird interactions I've had on my phone and social media with all these people that are all in this movie now, pretending like they've never heard of me, or transfection, or population pyramids, or infectious clones, or holy shit.
So I can't wait to be around my fellow Vaxxed injured.
But also the doctors at the frontline COVID critical care because they have been tremendous.
Dr. Merrick has been an angel within the community.
The team we have are truly... I have no doubt in my mind that this guy is an unwitting participant and bless his heart, man oh man, they focused a lot of energy on him and have used him like a rag doll.
Oh, it's awful.
The outstanding people who absolutely committed to what we're doing.
It's like a family, you know, these are my family.
I think our goal is to educate, to empower people.
Are you going to succeed in this goal?
Of course.
I mean, there's absolutely no way we can fail.
I think, you know, we've come this far.
You can just see the affection and kindness of the people that are here.
I mean, think about the logo, right?
The logo is... This is part of a community and I hope this community will grow bigger.
The logo has a red C in the middle.
A red C. So there's no doubt that this is about COVID.
That COVID is real.
It's so real that you only need to have a red C to represent it right in the middle of your logo.
To the extent that we will be able to persuade other people to see the truth and to see the light, because that's what we stand for.
And the truth should prevail.
I think Merrick's an absolutely good guy too, and I think he would be absolutely devastated to find out that these people have been playing him for five years.
At all costs.
And the sacrifices we continue to make to get the truth out there will continue.
And so I would encourage people, wake up.
The truth is the most sensational thing that you could ever report.
It's always going to be what people want to hear.
We must continue to speak our truth.
We fight evil through love.
To the extent that we will be able to persuade other people to see the truth and to see the light, because that's what we stand for.
And the truth should prevail at all costs.
And the sacrifices we continue to make to get the truth out there will continue.
And so I would encourage people, wake up.
The truth is the most sensational thing that you could ever report.
It's always going to be what people want to hear.
We must continue to speak our truth.
We fight evil through love.
What we're about at React 19 is really spreading love and caring for our fellow human beings.
And I really think, in the end, that's the story that will defeat the evil that we're up against.
If this film matters to you, please share it and help...
Ladies and gentlemen, endemicity is a myth, both as a process and an endpoint.
Placebo is how they made it safe enough, and non-specific PCR tests are how they got away with making us believe we were Ghostbusters and fighting something that wasn't there.
They lied about a population pyramid, ladies and gentlemen.
This is for all the marbles, that's why those people are out there.
And that's also why we are a huge problem because we can see them very clearly.
I hope you can too.
I hope I brought them a little bit better in focus for you.
Make sure you understand that those people that I just showed you in that video are the people who are trying to tell you that the DoD is deploying a kill box, that the shot was a bioweapon, and that pandemics do not occur naturally.
And these are extremely inaccurate, very malevolent bad ideas.
Because the reality is, intramuscular injection's a very terrible idea from the late 1800s, transfection in healthy humans was always a crime, and RNA cannot pandemic.
I'll see you tomorrow.
You all are very welcome.
I will see you tomorrow for sure.